THE NEW YORK HERALD
NEW YORK, FRIDAY MORNING, APRIL 30, 1847.
Vol. XIII. No. 119-Whole No. 4716.
Price Two Cents.
FIVE DOLLARS REWARD.—LOST—ON FRI-
day, the 23d inst., about 12 o'clock, from No. 81
Nassau street, a NEWFOUNDLAND PUP, brin-
die color, about three months old, and answers to the name of
LION. Whoever will return him to th
THE NEW YORK HERALD
CIRCUIT COURT, April 29.—Before Judge Edmonds.—
Trial for Forgery.—Third day.—The cause was resumed this morning. Eneas P. Clarke was re-called,
PROGRESS OF THE WAR.
Acknowledgment of the British Government
Virginia Election.
of our Exertions in behalf of suffering
The returns received by mail yesterday, settle the
Ireland.
question of the election of Atkinson, (democrat) in the
ESTABLISHMENT,
[From the Washington Union, April 28.]
It affords us sincere pleasure to give publicity to the following despatch from Lord Palmerston to Mr. Paken-
AFFAIRS AT VERA CRUZ.
[From the New Orleans Picayune, April 21.]
first district-also render it nearly certain that Flour-
and his cross-examination proceeded with.
Nassau street, or at the office of this paper, shall receive the
Q. Did any of your family go up with the remains of
North-west corner of Fulton and Nassau sts.
Our advices by the Iona are up to the 8th inst. Gen.
noy (whig) is elected in the third district, and Preston
above reward
a28 3t *rc
Twiggs, with a division of the army, left Vera Cruz on
KING CHARLES SPANIELS, just imported from London, very small, and well marked. Saxony Canaries, of the bell note and nightingale song. Bird Cages, of various patterns; Bird Seeds, &c. &c., with a fine collection of rare an
ham (a copy of which was communicated by the latter
JAMES GORDON BENNETT, PROPRIETOR.
(whig) in the 12th district.
the morning of that day for Jalapa. There was the
to Mr. Buchanan), conveying the thanks of the British government, and the British nation, to the citizens of
A. I do not know: I was not in the country at the
same doubt in the army as to whether there would be
The Richmond Enquirer says :- The Lynchburg mail
time when Babcock presented the draft : I asked him
anymore fighting that has always prevailed amongst our
yesterday brought us very bad news of the elections.
why it was not presented before; Gilbert said Harris had
CIRCULATION-FORTY THOUSAND.
the United States, for their liberal contributions to re-
which astonished both parties. If the reports from the
troops after a battle with the enemy. The remaining
his own reasons; I think I made some remark in a low
lieve the sufferings of the Irish people. The sentiments
W. S. JOHNSTON, 280 Broadway.
divisions were to proceed rapidly in the direction of the city of Mexico. Although the opinion was quite current
DAILY HERALD—Every day, Price 2 cents per copy—$7
25 per annum—payable in advance.

WEEKLY HERALD—Every Saturday—Price 6% cents
per copy—$3 12½ cents per annum—payable in advance.

HFRALD FOR EUROPE—Every Steam Packet day—
various counties which we find in the Lynchburg papers
a24 lw *rc
voice at the time to Mr. Gassner, about the genuine-
centained in this despatch do honor to his lordship, and
FOR SALE.—A pair of fine Horses, Wagons, Harness, &c., &c., the property of a gentleman—if sold together would be disposed of at a fair price.—
(principally in the Virginian), and which we publish to-
ness of the draft. The witness underwent a severe
prove that he possesses a warm Irish heart. They will, in his own emphatic language, "tend to draw closer.
at Vera Cruz that the Mexicans would not make a stand
day, be authentic, we have no hope for the success of
cross-examination, but the remainder of his testimony
between that city and the capital, yet there were some
Messrs. Tredway and Chapman in the Halifax and Mon-
was of no importance.
and to render stronger and more lasting, those ties of
Apply to his coachman, who has them in charge, at Dilk's stable in Mercer near Bleecker street. a25 lw*rrc
who regarded future collisions as certain. Amongst these
WILLIAM H. BRADFORD examined by O'CONOR. Is a
roe districts.
friendship and mutual esteem" which now so happily
a25 1w*rrc
was Col. Kinney, who had recently been as far into the
The apathy of the Halifax democrats cannot be too
merchant residing in the city of New York; knew
bind the kindred nations together; a consummation
FOR SALE.—The celebrated Trotting Mare, "Lady Washington," 7 years old, and has trotted
interior as Mango de Clava, Santa Anna's hacienda.
strongly censured. They have recklossly sacrificed a valuable and faithful representative, who was fully
Sidney Smith intimately for ten or eleven years. Is
lst of July of each year—single copies sixpence each.

ADVERTISEMENTS, at the usual prices—always cash in advance. Advertisements should be written in a plain, legible manner. The Proprietor will not be responsible for err
calculated to promote the highest interests of both
It was distinctly understood at Vera Cruz that the
named as one of the executors in his will; was on terms
two consecutive heats in 2m. 44 sec., and 2m 4
countries, and to extend the blessings of liberty and law
Puente Nacional had been abandoned. This was the
worthy of their cordial support. But to the particulars,
of strict intimacy with him; there was not the slightest alteration in our intimacy to his death; saw him the
known as the De Forrest mare. Also, a leather-top wagon, made by Godwin, used only a year, and a low-wheeled, leather-topped single sulkey; also, a set of double-harness,
over the whole earth:-
point at which the first resistance to the march of the
as we find them in the Lynchburg papers:-
" FOREIGN OFFICE, March 31, 1847.
American forces upon the city of Mexico would be made;
but though the defence of this point was given up, it
may occur in them.
Flournoy's whig majority in Pittsylvania . . . . . . 191
Sunday before his death and the day after; had an in-
"SIR-I have received your despatch, No. 8, of the
PRINTING of all kinds executed beautifully and with
terview of about three hours with him the day before
12th ult., stating that measures have been taken for the
Henry . . . . . . . . . 41
despatch
quite new. Enquire at the stable in the rear of 66 First
was not certain that the progress of our army into the
he died ; he thought at that time that he had not long
Franklin .....
All letters or communications by mail, addressed to the
purpose of raising a subscription in the United States
reet, near First avenue
to live; witness asked him if he had anything to say
interior would not be disputed at others. Indeed, it was
establishment, must be post paid, or the postage will be de-
for the relief of the destitute Irish poor.
HENRY A WEEKS.
a24 lw *rc
asserted that the forces destined to defend the National
ducted from the subscription money remitted.
about his affairs; he said no, that everthing was ar-
FOR SALE.—A splendid pair of blood Bay
Horses, long natural tails, of the Messinger breed, 16
"And I have to instruct you to take every opportu-
Bridge (Puente Nacional) had fallen back a few leagues
Tredway's democratic majority in Halifax. . . . . . 208
ranged to his satisfaction ; i n the course of the inter-
nity of saying how grateful her Majesty's Government,
in the direction of Jalapa, to a stronger position, where
view he made no allusion to the draft in question, or at
hands high, of fine style and action, own brothers, six and seven years old this spring, sound and kind, single or double. The oldest can go in 3½; the other, in one year's time, will make his equal. They are in a state of
U. S. MARINES WANTED.
and the British nation at large, feel for this kind and
preparations were being made for a stout defence. An
Flournoy's majority . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
any time before or after.
honorable manifestation of sympathy by the citizens
intelligent officer, just from Vera Cruz, thinksit quite
Patrick is to hear from, which we fear will increase his
By the Court-In any of these conversations, did he
of the United States for the sufferings of the Irish peo-
probable that a battle may have occurred about the 14th
majority. This district gave Mr. Polk 518 majority,
mention to you what he was worth?
THE MARINE CORPS OF THE UNITED STATE
ple. It might, indeed, have been expected, that a gene-
instant.
which is almost swallowed up by the defection in
A .- No. Witness has no interest in this prosecution.
or that branch of the military service furnishing soldiers
rous and high-minded nation would deeply commiserate
Rumors from the city of Mexico represented Santa Halifax.
further than to acquit himself honorably of the trust
for the different naval stations and vessels of war, having been
the sufferings which an awful visitation of Providence
Townsend House.
Anna as more intently bent upon war than ever. The
Albany, April 22
increased by act of Congress, approved 2d March, 1847, by the addition of 30 Sergeants, 30 Corporals, 30 Drummers, 30 Fifers,
The Richmond Whig of Wednesday, says :- "The | reposed in him; the interview I had with him on Mon-
has inflicted upon so large a population descended from
reports are not the best authority, in so far as the wishes
whigs are now pretty sure of five members of Congress
day lasted about three hours; has corresponded with
the same ancestors as themselves. But the active and
FOR SALE—A very fine Bay Horse, long tail and mane, is six years old, sound, and kind every
of Santa Anna are concerned; but they indicate the
and 1,000 Privates.
from Virginia, instead of one only, as at the last ses-
Smith while he was abroad; saw him write an infinity
energetic assistance which the people of the United
temper of the public mind, which is as good an index of
A rendezvous for the enlistment of recruits is now opened a
sion, or of three, as admitted by the Enquirer of yes-
of times; was well acquainted with his handwriting;
way-a stylish driver and handsome saddle horse.-
States are thus affording to the poor Irish, while it re-
No. 38 Chatham street, near the Harlem railroad depot and
his purposes as any other.
saw the draft now produced on the day it was present-
Is a fast trotter and untrained. Any person wishing such a horse will please address box 702 Lower Post Office. Price
Tammany Hall, where respectable young men desiring to enter a service which will afford them an opportunity of seeing foreign countries, are invited to call. Previous to enlisting it is the duty of the recruiting efficer t
terday-to wit :-
flects the highest honor upon our transatlantic breth-
Our correspondence gives all the news astir at Vera
John M. Botts, of the Richmond district.
ed; never saw or heard of it before; I am confident it is
ren, must tend to draw closer, and to render stronger
Cruz at the time of the departure of the Iona. The
a28 3t*re
not the handwriting of Sidney Smith; I never had a
William L. Goggin, of the Albemarle.
and more lasting those ties of friendship and mutual
next arrival will probably bring more definite intel-
John S. Pendleton, of the Loudoun.
MILLS, HATTER,
doubt on the subject.
esteem, which her Majesty's Government trusts will
ligence upon which to form an opinion as to the pro-
which they enter the service
Offers a Hat for $3 50, equal to any sold elsewhere for $5, at his well-known establishment, 178 Broadway,
Cross-examined by Spencer-Q .- State what was the
Thomas S. Flournoy, of the Halifax; and
long continue to exist between the two great branches
babilities of protracted war or speedy peace.
Open from 9 A. M. to sunset.
commencement of the interview in regard to business of the Anglo-Saxon family-separated, indeed, from
Wm B. Preston, of the Botetourt.
JOHN GEO. REYNOLDS,
Howard Hotel; and having determined to pursue the nimble
[From the Vera Cruz Eagle, April 8.]
We have a chance for two or three others-but, con-
matters.
each other by geographical position, but united together
Captain Commanding, Recruiting Rendezvous.
sixpence principle in the sale of Hats, has new completed his
This port being now open to the free admission of sidering how shamefully the State has been gerryman-
A .- After the usual compliments, I said to him that
Two dollars premium will be given to any soldier or citizen
by common interests, to which every succeeding year
arrangements to supply any demand
vessels from all quarters, we anticipipate a brisk busi-
life was uncertain, and then asked him if he had settled
dered, a gain of four is very gratifying-especially as we
who will bring to the rendezyous, an acceptable or efficient
must add increasing extension and force.
Gentlemen leaving their orders may have a hat made in any
ness, depending so much as the Mexicans do, on others,
have lost three other districts by an aggregate vote of
his affairs, that as he had written to me he had made
al lm*rc
style to suit their own taste in three hours, or less, if absolute-
" I am, &c.
" PALMERSTON.
for their necessaries of life. There are a vast number
me one of his executors, and that I had come to the city
only 115-viz: the Lynchburgh district by a majority of
FOR SALE AT HOBOKEN a number of Houses
" To the Right Hon. RICHARD PAKENHAM, &c."
necessary
An experienced shaper always in attendance, that every hat
may be fitted to the head, and rest upon it to the perfect case of
and Lots-Merchants, mechanics, and laborers doing bu
to see him. He replied that he had his affairs settled to
of things, and most of them styled necessaries, which we | 20. (which, but for the course of the whigs of Campbell,
siness, or having employment in New York, will find
are in greats want of at present, and it will take some
we might have carried by 150.) the Petersburg district
his satisfaction. The remainder of the witness's cross
Steamship Sarah Sands.
Hoboken a healthy and desirable residence. There are four
the wearer. This being an important point, particular atten-
timeto satisfy the demand. The fact that the city has by 18, and the Norfolk district by 78!"
examination was of no interest
boats an hour to Barclay street, two to Canal, and two to Chris-
At a general meeting of the cabin passengers held in
tion will be given to it.
a23 2w *r
been so recently relieved from investment and blockade
First District-Complete. 1847.
EEWARD L. BEADELL, examined -Is a physician; at-
topher, making eight boats per hour from Hoboken. Very
the saloon of the steamship "Sarah Sands," this 29th day
ONE PRICE HAT STORE.
is, of course a reasonable excuse for the present scarcity:
Atkinson (D). Watts (W.)
tended Mr. Smith during his last illness; was with him
many streets are graded, and a number of houses going up-
the company themselves have built 80 or 180 within a short pe-
Polk. Clay.
of April, 1847, called for the purpose of considering the
Norfolk City ......
SPRING FASHIONS FOR HATS AND CAPS .-
but it must be admitted that we are badly off indeed
when he died; his voice was feeble, but he was disposed
propriety of expressing their approbation of the conduct
Norfolk County .....
BROWN & CO. will introduce, on Saturday, April 3d,
The ferriage to residents of Hoboken is but a trifle-
Our impression is that a close investment and blockade
to converse; he continued to talk until near the time of
of Captain Thompson, the commander of said ship
rincess Ann......
the new style of Caps for children and boys; also, the new
the head of a family pays 84 cents per month, and his wife 3
for a week or two longer, would alone have compelled the
his death.
during the voyage, the object of the meeting being ap-
style of Hats for gentlemen, price $3, in the manufacture of which they have made such recent improvements as will
ansemond.....
cents per month. The tax in New Jersey is so light as to be
DANIEL D. GASSNER examined-Is bookkeeper of the
city and castle to enter into capitulation. Provisions
Isle of Wight . . . . . . . . . 288
proved they proceeded to the election of Capt. Thomas
scarcely felt by either the owner or tenant of a house There
firm of Clark, Worth & Co; has been there nine or ten
were very scant-it is next to impossible to get a good
Southampton ... ... 39
are some beautiful situations for cottages in front of an open
place them in close competition with the most costly. The public are invited to call at 178 Chatham Square, where
Sanders, Royal Navy of England, as Chairman, and Mr.
square, where the view of the river is unobstructed. Enquire
meal now, with the numerous advantages of our stores
years; knew Sidney Smith in his life time; saw him
Surry . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 40
C. Jerome, jr., of New Haven, Connecticut, as Secretary;
at the office of the Hoboken Land and Impt. Company at Ho-
fashion, beauty, durability and economy are combined to adorn
Sussex . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
write frequently; considers it impossible that he wrote
and open gates for the entrance of the produce of the
after which the following gentlemen were appointed a
the head.
----
a2 1m*r
country-we ought, therefore, to live a little better than
that draft.
committee to draw up an address, to be submitted for
470
693
FOR SALE-Possession 1st May-The handsome three stery modern built brick House 21% Fourth
we do, having such numerous facilities, and most heartily
HOW TO MAKE MONEY.—The axiom that "money
Doctor Swere was here called and examined by Mr
Polk's majority.
Atkinson's majority ... 80
approbation at an adjourned meeting to be held at three
.230
trust that the people of the country will see the ad-
saved is money made," is almost as old as the invention of
O'Con or-Is a practising physician residing in this
Whig gain ..... 150
o'clock. Honorable S. G. Goodrich, of Boston; Captain
money itself; but the principle of selling a five dollar HAT
street, opposite the Washington Parade Ground, suitable
vantages they would derive from such a trade .-
city; knew Sidney Smith; saw him once during his ill-
In 1843, Atkinson's majority was only 5 votes.
Simon Lee, H. C. S., of Canada; Sydney Bellingham, of
for three dollars and fifty cents, was first established and is now practised by Robertson, at the Phenix Hat Manufactory, 89 Fulton st., N. Y., and 63 Fulton st., Brooklyn. This simple
for the residence of any gentleman. Price $11,500. $8,500
Second District-Full returns give-
We think they will do so, and will bring in enough
ness; thinks it was on the 18th July, 1844; was in his
Ireland. The meeting was re-organised at three o'clock,
may remain on bend and mertgage, and good commercial paper
For Dromgoole (dem) ....................................
of the good things of life to fill the stomachs of us all, to
company for about half an hour; his voice was feeble.
at short date taken for the balance. Apply to A. DE CAN
and the following report was submitted by the com-
For Bolling (whig) ....................................
satiety. As it is, our markets are very badly supplied,
but he did not seem to have any difficulty in speaking; [ mittee.
on board frigate Macedonian, foot of Morris street. Pier No. 4
statement we believe will suffice to make known one way
and luxuries, such as butter, eggs and milk, are entirely
how to make money
he spoke freely.
a28 2t is *rc
a10 1m*rh
Majority . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
REPORT.
out of the question. A good article of Goshen butter
DANIEL D. GASSNER, re-called-Witness remembers
TO LET-The second story of the house 185 Duane
Third District.
It cannot be necessary to enter into any detail respect-
HATS, SPRING STYLE.
would richly be worth fifty cents per pound, and milk
sending to Mr. Smith, while in Europe, his account cur-
BANTA, No. 94 Canal street, and No. 130 Chatham st, sells Moleskin and Nutria Fur Hats at $3, and only charges $3 50 for his first quality Moleskin and fine Nutria Hats.—He has handsome and durable Hats at $2 50 having the
street, next to the corner of Greenwich street, contain-
| Flournoy (W.) Tredway (D.) Clay.
ing our voyage for its incidents, are fresh in the minds of
Polk.
ing five rooms, with Croton water, &c. Rent $200. In-
fifty cents per quart. Eggs sell readily at seventy-five | Franklin ....................................
rent to the first of January, 1844; after he arrived here
us all. It will be sufficient to state generally, that it has
in July he acknowledged having received it; he also
quire in the store 295 Greenwich street.
and eighty cents per dozen, and everything else is in | Henry ....................................
a28 3t rc
been attended from the day of our departure by an
proportion. This is a lamentable state of things in a
Pittsylvania...... 191
TO RENT-A Cotton Factory, of about 3,000 spir
acknowledged it by letter; letter read. The remainder
203
almost constant succession of head winds and opposing
ance and finish of the higher priced hats. Gentlemen wishing to economise in this indispensable article of dress without sa-
dles, with a building for looms, Mansion House, Store
Halifax....
country like Mexico, where the soil yields almost spon-
697 of the examination related to the settlement of Mr.
308
seas. About three-fourths of the time the wind has
House, Workmen's Dwellings, Saw Mill, Grist Mill
taneously, and where a little labor and attention is paid
Smith's accounts with the firm of Clark & Co.
-
been directly or nearly ahead, and we cannot reckon in
Also, a general assortment of caps of various kinds at reduced
so bountifully by nature. The continued absence of
w. ... an unfailing water power. The place and water power
Mr. O'Conor read another letter written by Mr.
all more than four days of favorable weather. Under
are well adapted to general manufacturing purposes, and on a navigable stream, convenient to New York or Philadelphia.

Enquire of WARRINGTON & RICHARDS,
Polk's majority . . 501
Flournoy's maj. thus far.
the people of the country is ascribed to fright, but we
Smith to Mr. Clark, from Rome, in which he says-"
Whig gain ....................................
these discouraging circumstances, it must be admitted
al6 1m*c
would hope that their interests, if nothing cise, would
received yesterday the New York Heralds you sent me,
that we have occasion rather to be surprised that we
MRS. M. WILSON, 291 Grand street, respectfully
There is an apparent win of 100 votes in the majority
cause them to doff their fears, and risk their precious
and I need hardly say they were most welcome "
a28 2w*e
informs her friends, and strangers visiting the city, that she has now on hand a large and very handsome assortment of Spring Millinery, to which she invites their attention. Mrs. Wilson's stock comprises
32 Burling slip.
have made our passage so quickly, than that it has been
in Halifax county, as stated in the Virginia papers, the
bodies within bargaining distance of us, at least. They
Cross-examined by SPENCER .- Mr. Spencer proceeded
NOTICE—TO BOARDING SCHOOLS AND OTHER INSTITUTIONS.—FOR SALE—The property situate at Weehawken, N. J., two miles from the mesonen Ferry, known as the Mountain Pavilion, on the highest point in the neighborhood of New York, 
so much prolonged, a success which we are constrained
actual vote being for Tredway 655, Flournoy 347-majo-
to examine the witness in order to test the accuracy of
will find the American soldier, if rough when contending
so attribute as well to the efficiency of the propeller as to
rity 308 (instead of 208, as given in those journals).
his reasons for believing the draft to be a forgery, and | the superior sailing qualities of the ship. One point de-
with an enemy, full of generosity and kindness when
The total vote of the above four counties is, for Flour-
an assortment of the richest and most fashionable Hats, such
dealing with a friend or neutral.
produced a letter written by Mr. Smith, and was exam-
serves to be especially noticed, that whenever the weather
as Chip, Crape, Rice, and Shirred, with a choice assortment of Straws, which she flatters herself can be sold more reasonable
noy 1,763, for Tredway 1,756. Thus we see that there
The sale of the vessels beached in the late norther is
ning him as to whether Smith wrote the body of the
has favored her, the vessel has admirably performed her
will be another close run in this district, as we predicted
which is had the most magnificent prospect of the lower bay, and the North River—consisting of a Large Mansion, Barn, Ice House, well filled, and out houses complete, in good repair, and about twelve acres of excellent lan
letter and the superscription; the withess stated that
progressing very fast by order of the Board of Survey.
part. In view of these circumstances, your committee
than at any other establishment in the city. Country Milliners
before any returns were received from it.
Mr. Walsingham, the public auctioneer at Vera Cruz,
will do well to call before purchasing.

Mrs. M. WILSON, 291 Grand st.,
the body of the letter was in Smith's handwriting, and
recommend that the letter accompanying this report be
Patrick county, to hear from, gave Polk in 1844, 385;
has his hands full. Fortunes, on a small scale, are being
the superscription in that of the witness. Mr. O'Conor
presented to Captain Thompson.
Clay, 369; majority for Polk, 16. In 1840 the same
between Allen and Orchard sts.
objected to the mode of examination, after which a
made at the purchasing business.
of cultivation
STEAMSPHIP SARAH SANDS.
county gave a majority for Harrison of 68, and in 1843 a
Ten good Milliners wanted at the above establishment.
The wounded in the Mexican hospitals at Vera Cruz
The above presents the finest and most eligible, as well as
long discussion took place between counsel on both
Off Sandy Hook,
majority of 60 for Gilmer, whig, for Congress. It may
most convenient situations, and an epportunity for the establishment of a large Boarding School, or other institution where much room is required, that has ever been offered in the vicinity of New York, and possesses advan
a13 2m*rc
are suffering much from their wounds, and the medical
sides, which occupied the court until the hour of ad-
Thursday, April 29, 1847.
now increase Flournoy's majority, or possibly it may
attendance is represented as meagre. It is said that a
THE LADIES' CONGRESS BOOT.
To Capt. WM. C. THOMPSON
overbalance it. There can, however, be but little doubt
number of the Surgeons were killed and wounded be-
P. LABOYTEAUX, 641 Broadway, desires to inform his numerous and fashionable lady patrons, that
COURT CALENDAR-This Day-Common Pleas-56, 60
The undersigned, a committee of the cabin passengers
of Flournoy's election.
fore the occupation, by the bursting of one of our shells.
61, 62, 36, 37, 68, 69, 27, 40, 9, 13.
on board the Sarah Sands, in obedience to their instruc-
be set forth in an advertisement.
Twelfth District.
he has made arrangements for the right to manufacture
Messrs. Hart and Wells were to open a theatre in the
There is on the premises a large amount of furniture, nearly
* COURT OF COMMON PLEAS-April 29-Before Judge
tions, take pleasure in expressing to you the sentiments
Preston (W.) Chapman (D.) Clay. Polk
the elegant elastic walking Boot, now so fashionable in the highest circles in England and France. The recent improvement in the elassic stuff will enable him to make his
Ilshoeffer .- Chas. Bockerlinger vs. Monz. Videlio et al.
captured city on the 8th or 9th instant. It appears that
new, which, or any part of which, may be had with the pro
of respect and kindness with which they are now about
Botetourt .... -
perty. The property will be sold low and the terms made
This cause was summed up this morning, after which
they have already got together an excellent company o
to take leave of you and your good ship. Though our
lonroe ..... 34
to COLEMAN & STETSON, Aster House, or to
Roanoke ... -
comedians, and it was expected that they would reap a
102
the jury retired, and in a few minutes returned with a
boots and high shoes with all the elegance peculiar to his style
voyage, now happily about to close, has been attended by
Montgomery ...... 231
of work, and yet without the trouble of lacings.
verdict in favor of the plaintiff for $986 52.
golden harvest during the occupation.
adverse winds and consequent delay, peculiarly calculat-
336is10te OSCAR W. STURTEVANT, No. 6 Wall st.
This most valuable invention removes all the confined pres-
Henry H. Challis vs. Frederick Alkfair et al .- This
ed to annoy the officers of the ship, we are bound to say
sure from the arch of the foot, while at the same time it affords
NEW YORK AND HARLEM RAILROAD
COMPANY-NOTICE.—On and after Monday, the
Bath . . . . . . . . . . . . . . -
THE TROPHIES.
was an action for assault and battery. The plaintiff is
that whatever vigilance, seamanship and gentlemanly
Floyd. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
an elastric spring in walking which cannot be appreciated
The number of cannon captured by our forces in
a colored man, and the defendant keeps a grocery store | demeanor on their part could accomplish for the safety of
Freenbrier .......... 330
Mexico exceeds 500, most of them heavy pieces. There
instant, the train that leaves 27th street at 7 A. M.
without a trial.
will be discontinued, and a car will leave the City Hall at 6
Alleghany ....-
at the corner of Church and Anthony streets, the other
the great interests committed to their care and the com-
were captured at
BUOTS AND SHOES.
A. M. for Morrisania: returning, leave there at 7 A. M.

The car that leaves City Hall at 5 30 P. M., will run to White
Plains, and leave there at 6 50 A. M. for New York. a24 lw r
defendant is his clerk. It appeared the store is much
fort of those on board, has been done
-
Resaca de la Palma.....
frequented by colored people of both sexes. About five
With sentiments of sincere regard and a strong con-
At Matamoras, say. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20
TAKE THIS METHOD of informing their customers
Preston's majority thus far 519; Polk's majority 331
o'clock on the morning of first of Nov. last, the plaintiff
viction that the Sarah Sands will prove worthy of the
At Monterey, about. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 50
was at the defendant's grocery store; and it is alleged
TO LET-The second floor of the House No. 89
whig gain in the above counties 850.
high reputation of her commander. We are, dear sir,
and purchasers in general, of their extensive, and well se-
lected assortment of Ladies,' Misses' and Children's Gai-
At Vera Cruz, town and eastle. . . . . . . . . 400
Walker street, consisting of three rooms, pantry,
refused, notwithstanding he was repeatedly called on to respectfully yours.
The counties to be heard from are Giles, Mercer, Logan
At Alvarado. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60
ters, Buskins, Slippers, &c., of their own manufacture, and a large stock of Peg Boots, Shoes and Brogans, selected with great care, and purchased for cash, which will enable
and one attic room. The remaining part of the house i
and Pocahontas, which voted thus in 1844 :-
do so, to leave it; the barkeeper then proceeded to put
S. G. GOODRICH
occupied by a private family. Rent $200.
a27 3t* rrc
him out by force, and a muss ensued; the defendant, who
Polk. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
SIMEON LEE
Committee.
Total....................................
TO LET, in Hammond street, near Factory, an ex-
was in his bedroom, was informed that there was trouble
Clay .... 644
SYDNEY BELLINGHAM,
them to sell at the very lowest prices.
cellent three story family House, with marble mantel
below stairs, came down and found his clerk in the grip
MILITARY MOVEMENTS.
bath room, &c. Rent $475. Apply to VYSE & SONS, 172 Pearl st.
N. B .- Store will be open until ten o'clock in the evening,
[From the New Orleans Mercury, April 21.]
Democratic majority....................................
of the plaintiff, and attempted to extricate him, but was
giving Country Merchants an opportunity to examine their stock when not otherwise engaged.
Our City Subscribers.
Col. Bankhead, bearer of despatches from Gen. Scott.
In 1840, the same counties gave Van Buren a majority
unable, upon which he took up a ruler and struck plain-
TO RENT-HANDSOME APARTMENTS IN
having in charge the trophies of war taken at Vera Cruz. | of 201.
As no doubt many of our city subscribers are
tiff on the head, and continued to strike him until he let
SMITH & RISLEY,
suites or single rooms, in the new brick building.
arrived this morning on the ship Elizabeth Dennison
We have no doubt of Preston's election, by a majority
go his hold. The defendant put in a plea of justification.
142 Chatham st., directly opposite the Chatham Theatre.
at the corner of Broadway and Houston street, oppo-
victims to the absurd custom of changing resi-
m27 1m*rh
on his way to Washington. The E. D. left Vera Cruz
site 5t. Thomas church, suitable for single gentlemen or families. The building is supplied with Croton water, and
and his counsel insisted, that under the peculiar circum-
exceeding 200
dences every first of May, we request them to
on the same day as the schooner lone which arrived
Fourth District.—The election of Bocock, democrat, is stances of the case, he was justified in what he did.
L. WALSH & CO.,
is lighted by gas; and is under the care of a steward, who re
confirmed. His majority over Irving will be from 10 to 15. There was a great deal of conflicting testimony. The
FRENCH BOOT and Shoe Makers, No. 6 Ann street,
near the Museum, New York. Fine French Boots $359;
yesterday, and therefore brings no later news.
leave their new addresses at the office of publi-
sides in the house, furnishes meals, wood, &c. Enquire on the premises, er of THOS. H. RODMAN, 54 Wall street.
Full returns from Campbell county give Irving only 72 | case is adjourned.
On Sunday afternoon Capt. Blair's company of U
French Imperial Dress Boots made to order $4 50, usually
cation as soon as convenient, so that they may
troops left Pittsburgh for New Orleans, on board the
majority.
a25 lw *c
sold for $6 50. Patent Leather Boots, Shoes, Gaiters and
be regularly served with the Herald after moving
THE GENERAL RESULT.
Miscellaneous.
steamer Saranack.
ippers' constantly on hand and made to order at the shortest
PAVILION, NEW BRIGHTON, Staten Island.—
The proprietor begs to inform his friends and the public,
As at first stated by us, the democrats will, probably, have
The wheat fields in many parts of Berks County, Penn
We understand the splendid towboat Mary Kingsland
notice. Repairing, &c., done in the store. Quick sales and
day.
nine or ten members, and the whigs five or six in the next
sylvania, are said to present a very unpromising appear-
small profits is our motto. No. 6 Ann street, New York.
has been chartered to carry Capt. Walker's dragoons
that he has made considerable alterations and improve
Congressional delegation from Virginia.
and horses to Vera Cruz. The ship America, with the
m23 1m*rc
BARTON OF THE SAME PARTY OF THE SAME PARTY OF THE SAME PARTY OF THE SAME PARTY OF THE SAME PARTY OF THE SAME PARTY OF THE SAME PARTY OF THE SAME PARTY OF THE SAME PARTY OF THE SAME PARTY OF THE SAME PARTY OF THE SAME PARTY
ments in this establishment since the last season. He has erect-
STATE LEGISLATURE.
ed a large building, containing thirty-three rooms, altogether disconnected from the main body of the pavilion. These rooms are intended for gentlemen only; they are of a comforta-
In West Jersey, the peaches and early apples have
Maryland and Pennsylvania troops on board, which left
LOOK AT THIS.
IU CALIATAD AND CHENNER OF DELINA
Whig Gains.
Whin Losses.
here on Sunday last, put to sea on the 9th inst., with a
suffered from the protracted cold weather. In some of
Caroline (Senator).....
JUST RECEIVED, a large lot of Gentlemen's
BOATS.
Louisa ......
the peach orchards the crop is said to have been all de-
fair breeze. - N. O. Delta.
rench Boots, the best and handsomest ever i
THE undersigned having leased and fitted up the house our
Dinwiddie . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Culpepper (rep.) .....
ble size, light, and well ventilated, and superior in all respects
this city and will be sold at the low price of $5. Also all kinds
stroyed by the cold of Friday and Saturday nights.
the Long Pier, foot of 19th street, North river, as a steam-
Charlotte ....
Gloucester...
Eliz. City and Warwick...
to those generally denominated single rooms in the various
of Gentlemen's Gaiters and Patent Leather Shoes, and all the
boat hotel, in order to accommodate the up town residents, in-
Accomae ....
watering places throughout the country.
The Potomac fisheries are once more yielding abun
The U. S. sloop of war Levant, Hugh N. Page, Esq.,
different kinds of Boots and Shoes. Ladies, you will find i
The U. S. sloop of war Levant, Hugh N. Page, Esq., Buckingham....................................
vites all Captains of steamboats to make this landing, free o
The proprietor is now ready to treat with families or parties wishing to engage rooms for the season. Letters addressed to
dant rewards for the labors of the fishermen. At Alex
this store a great variety of Gaiter Boots, Slippers, Buskins
P. DE LE REE, Proprietor.
andria, on Monday, shad sold at $4 75 to $5 50 per hun-
Ties, House Slippers, white and black satin do, white Kid do.
Hampton Roads yesterday afternoon. The following
N. B.-Boats or barges for pleasure or fishing always to let.
Greenbrier....
him at the City Hotel, Broadway, will receive immediate at-
and all other kinds and sizes, Misses' and Children's Boots and
dred, and herrings at $2 50 to $3 per thousand.
is a list of her officers :-
Passengers taken at all times wherever they wish to go.
rankiin. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Shoes, Boys' Boots, Gaiters, Shoes and Slippers of all the
Commander, Hugh N. Page; Lieutenants, 1st Robert
all im*r
Fauquier......
A steamboat runs between New York and New Brighton, at
The wheat prospect, so far as present appearances
various kinds; all of which will be sold cheap, at 367 Broad
Handy; 2d. Richard 'Forrest; 3d, Joseph H. Adams,
leary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
the following hours, viz:-
PREMIUM WALNUT OIL SHAVING SOAP.
warrant a judgment, is unfavorable. The close cover
way, corner of Franklin street.
Montgomery .....
M. CAHILL.
From New Brighton-At 8 and 11 A. M. and 2 and 5:20 P. M. From pier No. 1 North River, New York-At 9 A. M. and 12
bearer of despatches from Hon. Henry A. Wise, Minis-
N. B. Country merchants supplied by the package or dozen
ing of ice during the latter part of the winter, left the
AUTION.-A counterfeit article of our celebrated Walnut
Floyd....
ter to Brazil, who proceeded on to Washington yester-
Oil Military Shaving Soap is now being offered round the
fields looking quite dead. They are beginning to look
ap2 lm*r
Monroe . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
M, and 31/2, 5 and 6 P. M., and more frequent communications
day afternoon in the Baltimore boat) -Acting Lieut.
city by a person representing himself as our agent. We hereby
green, but there are many spots where the wheat is
LESSONS ON THE PIANO FORTE.
I be established as the season advances.
George W. Hammersly; Purser, J. R. Rittenhouse; As-
caution the public against being deceived with it, and beg to
nearly all killed .- Ann Aarbor (Mich.) Journal.
The Pavilion will be opened for the reception of company
MISS C. C. WEMYSS can now accommo-
state that we have no agents whatever, nor has any one any
sistant Surgeon, W. H. Grier; Acting Master, J. Dorsey
between the 1st and 10th of May next, of which due notice will
Net whig gain 9-equivalent to a reduction of 18 on
date three or four more pupils, if immediate ap-
right to use our names on the labels. The comine soap, manufactured by the inventor, Dr. P. D. Vissom, has our fac-simile
Connecticut river was falling on Wednesday at the
Read; Midshipmen,, H. A. Colborn, Samuel R. Frank-
be given.
plication be made at her house, No. 347 Sixth
the democratic majority of 22 last winter.
rate of about an inch an hour.
F. BLANCARD.
lin, W. D. Whiting, Wm. M. Gamble, Geo. M. Dibble,
ap25 tirc
I I street, between Avenues C and D
The Senate will be democratic, the House of Delegates
signature to each label
Wm. W. Lowe, G. W. Young, E. H. Scevell. Charles
Will have no objection, if desirable, to attend her pupils at
ROOMS TO LET-Suitable for manufacturing pur
The new flouring mills, on the Welland Canal, and
VROOM & FOWLER, 3 Courtlandt st.
m23 1m*rc
probably whig.
the additions to the old ones, add thirteen run of stone
Wooley: Captain's Clerk, Wm. V. Taylor, Gunner, S.
poses, in the building No. 74 Fulton street, lately repair
their own residence
ACCORDEONS.
d, and with all modern improvements. Apply to JAMES R. DEL VECCHIO, in the building,
Terms-Twelve Lessons for Five Dollars, or Fifteen Dol-
M. Beckwith; Carpenter, John Green.
to the number at work last season.
Police Intelligence.
THE largest assortment in the city is to be found at the
lars per Quarter—three lessons each week.
a13 1m*rc
Passengers-Lieut. Stephen Johnson, Mids. Dulany.
Burglary.-The segar manufactory of Mr. John An
A man named Morse, belonging to South Dedham.
L Chatham street Bazaar, 55 Chatham street; and, if you
or to BROWN, BROTHERS & CO.
FOR NEW ORLEANS—Louisiana and New
York Line of Packets—The fast sailing packet ship
Forrest, Mid. J. G. Sproston, and H. M. Hill, citizen .-
derson, was burglariously entered on Wednesday night
want to get one, that is the place to buy it, as every instrument
is warranted in perfect tune and order. They also have a new
drowned himself at Andover, on Sunday last, in a fit of
235 2W#re
No. 59 Wall.
Norfolk Beacon, April 28th
by some thief, and the iron safe was attempted to be
wabash, Capt. Hathaway, is loading. and will sail on Monday, May 10th. For freight or passage, having handsome furnished accommodations, apply on board, at Orleans Wharf, foot of Wall street, or to

E. K. COLLINS, 56 South
delirium tremens.
FOR SALE.—A desirable residence, with about an acre and a half of ground, situated in Beekmantown,
instrument, called the Flutina, resembling the Accordeon with
forced open, evidently in the search of money. A large
On Wednesday night, the buildings known as Dean's
the tone of a flute. Their Accordeons vary in price from 50
quantity of segars was carried off by the robbers. No
Westchester county, adjoining the line, and about 1/2 of a mile from Tarrytown ferry. It is built of brick, two stories
factories, at Mystic Bridge, Connecticut, were fired by
ALBANY, April 28, 1847.
cents to 50 dollars. Call, examine, and judge for yourselves.
incendiaries and burned down, together with a grist
amest
Chancellor Walworth-Probable result of his Declina-
Accordeon taught, tuned and repaired. Don't forget the nam
Arrest of a Fugitive Burglar .- Officer Wm. H. Ste-
high, with a colonnade running about 60 feet front, and an ob
mill and dwelling house
ber-55 Chatham, opposite Chambers street.
all imee
Agents in New Orleans, J. O. Woodruff & Co., who will
servatory on the top. It contains II rooms beside kitchen, cellar and washroom, all enclosed within the building, It com-
tion-The Legislative Affairs.
phens, of this city and L. H. Smith, of Philadelphia, ar
The ceremony of laying the corner-stone of the edifice
omptly forward all goods to their address.
OFFICE OF THE N. Y. GAS LIGHT COMPANY.
rested yesterday a black fellow called George Batiste, on
I cannot adequately describe the deep disappointment
designed for the use of the Boston Athenseum, took
mands a magnificent view of the river as far down as the eye
FOR BELIZE, HONDURAS.—The Bark JOHN R. GARDNER, James Pedersen, Master, will have
a warrant issued by mayor Swift, of Philadelphia, wherein
place on Tuesday forenoon, at 10 o'clock, and was wit-
THE President and Directors have this day declared a divi-
dend of four-and-one-half per cent on the capital stock of
and sorrow, that the late declination of the Chancellor
can reach. The present owner purchased it for his own resi-
dence, but on account of ill health was unable to occupy it.
the accused stands charged with burglariously enter-
nessed by a large number of citizens. Honorable Josiah
patch for the above port. For freight or passage
has caused in this community, and I am convinced that
ing the clothing store of Mr. Nathan Levering, of
Quincy, one of the projectors of the institution, deliver-
this Company for the six months ending 1st February last, pay-
Terms moderate. For further particulars, apply to JAMES
apply to Captain on board, or to
F. ALEXANDRE,
able to the stockholders on and after Saturday the lst May
the firm of Levering & Clifton, located on the corner
STEWART, corner of Dey and Greenwich streets.
communities in every part of the State, that have the
ed an address appropriate to the occasion, and the usual
a29 8t*r
28 South street.
a24 tlstM*r
of Second street and Spruce street, Philadelphia, in
ceremonies were observed. The Athenæum property,
NEW LINE OF PACKETS TO AND FROM LIVERPOOL.—The splendid fast sailing ship
capacity to understand the importance of the labors de-
The transfer book will be closed from the 24th instant until
the year 1843, stealing therefrom clothing valued at
real and personal, is valued at $342,000; its library num-
COTTAGE TO LET.
that date. By order.
volved by the constitution upon the commissioners of
$60; and since that time the rascal has eluded
bers 37,000, and it has a choice collection of paintings
SIDDONS, Captain Cobb, will sail from New York
A NEW handsome Cottage to let on Oxford street
C. L. EVERITT. Secretary.
al3 tm lr
on Mionday, the 3d of May, and from Liverpool on the 11th
the watchful eye of the police until yesterday, when
the code, and the Chancellor's peculiar ability to perform
Broooklyn, 11/4 miles from the Ferries, near the resi-
and statuary.
DRINGE & UNKART, manufacturers of PAPER HANG
June, her regular days. Her accommodations for cabin, 2nd
dence of Dr. Cox. It has nursery, kitchen and servants'
these faithful officers detected the accused on board o
Last week a young lady in Boston had eighty-four dol
INGS, No. 343 Pearl street, Franklin Square. Wholesale
his allotment of these heavy duties with high honor, par-
cabin, and steerage passengers are unsurpassed by any other
the basement floor; two parlors, library and dining
tne U. S. ship Macedonian, where he had engaged as
lars stolen from a trunk. She has since that time re-
purchasers will find themselves fully remunerated for calling
ship in port. Persons wishing to proceed to Europe, or those wishing to send for their friends can make the necessary ar-
take of the chagrin which his resignation has caused in | cook. The rascal "spotted" the officers on the dock,
hall on the first story; four large bed rooms on the second floor
ceived an anonymous note, stating that the money was
as above before buying.
a3 lmiser
Six additional lets adjoining, with stable, can be had if desired
and knowing his guilt, secreted himself in the hold of only taken as a loan, and will be repaid with five per
this immediate vicinity. I think that circumstances
rangements on liberal terms on application to
Omnibuses run constantly to the Ferries: Rent $300.
TO DAGUERRIAN ARTISTS.
W. & J. T. TAPSCOTT.
the vessel, amongst the water tanks, where he was found
cent interest.
Also-A residence at Bedford, 21/4 miles from the Ferries,
and events which have not publicly transpired, have
DLATES-1500 star brand, full size.
after an hour's close searching. Commodore DeKay ve-
The rowdies (or "highbinders," as they are called,) in
will be rented with or without furniture, for four months .-
a29 r
1000 a medium size.
VINION LINE OF PACK, TS to and from Liverpool.— the splendid fast sailing packet ship EM-
controlled his ultimate conclusion, and effected a revolu-
ry politely rendered the officers every assistance, upon
Albany, have commenced a war upon the United States
The house has ten rooms. There is a coach house, stable for
INSTRUMENTS-"Voightlander," of all sizes; American,
four horsse, pasture for cow, &c. Rent for 4 months $250.—
Apply to MOSES MAYNARD, Jr, at the L. I.
learning their business, by causing all hands to be piped
recruits who happen to pass through that delectable
tion in his sentiments. There are men narrow and vil
Roach's make, warranted superior
RE, Capt. Russell, will sail from New York on
QUICKSTUFF-An accelerating liquid, used by the most
upon deck and orders given for a general search. which | place. On Monday, five or six dragoons (unarmed,
enough to say that the Chancellor is looking forward to
Railroad office, 42 William st., Merchants' Exchange.
the 10th of May, and from Liverpool on the 1st of June, her
regular days. Her accommodations for cabin passengers are
successful artists. For sale in lots to suit.
resulted in the fugitive being brought to light. He was
course.) were set upon by a gang of these fellows, with
JOHN ROACH, Optician,
82 Nassuu street.
a22 2w fh
the chief place upon the bench of the Court of Appeals,
taken before Justice Osborne, who committed him to
clubs and other weapons, and so severely beaten, that
very superior; she has also excellent accommodations for a
a18 1m*c
TO LET.
the Tombs.prior to being conveyed back to Philadelphia.
three or four of them were borne off insensible. It is but
and that his strong preference for this office has con-
limited number of second cabin passengers, in airy and spacious
A ROW of neat new two story Cottage Houses, now finished, well calculated for respectable families, situ-
UANO.-The cargo of the brig Virginia, about three
which will be this afternoon.
a short time since a man was killed in Albany by a gang
rooms on deck; and her between decks, for steerage passengers,
strained him to offer this declination—that cannot well
hundred tons from South America, and from an analysis
are lofty and well lighted; all of which will be taken at re-
Recovery of Property .- Policemen Silliman and Gre- of these desperadoes.
ated on the north side of 40th street, between Broad-
be revoked. This is not true. I confidently predict that
pronounced superior to any other kind in the market. The
The wheat crop on Long Island is represented as bear-
quel, of the Fourth ward, found last night 2 large chests
luced rates. Those wishing to secure berths should make
Guano is dry, and will be sold to close the concern at one and
way and 6th avenue. The stages pass regularly from 7 A. M
he will retire on the expiration of the office which he
early application on board, at pier No. 3 North River, or to
young hyson tes, marked H. & A., No. 114 and 148;
ing a "starved and thin appearance," promising but a
a half cent per pound, and is an object to the farmers of the
patil 8 o'clock in the evening, every 40 minutes, for 614 cents
now holds. I cannot say what steps the Legislature may
V. & J. T. TAPSCOTT
also the name Rainbow written thereon. Supposed to
and after the first of May, every 30 minutes. Rooms as follows: 2 basements, 2 parlors, with sliding doors, and hard finished
meagre harvest. The springs are low.
adopt to remedy the difficulty which this unexpected act
86 South st., 2d door below Burling slip,
The cargo is at Trappell's stores, Brooklyn, near Fulton
have been stolen-the property was standing in front
walls. 2d story, 2 rooms and 2 bedrooms. Good dry cellars.

Rent $180. Apply on the premises.

WM. K. PENDLETON, Agent.
The city of Bristol, on the Delaware river, in Bucks
of the Chancellor has originated, but the dissolution and
AMILY BOARDING SCHOOL IN THE COUN-
of No. 125 Chatham street, and two or three suspicious
county, Pa., was illuminated, on Tuesday night, most
SPOFFORD, TILESTON & CO., 149 Water street.
re-organisation of the present Board of Commissioners
TRY .- An experienced teacher has for several years-
looking chaps were seen to run off from the chests upon
brilliantly, in honor of our Mexican victories.
of the code is mentioned in high quarters as an inevitable
m9 lm * rh
taken into her family a number of children, not exceeding ten,
the approach of the policemen. Apply to Captain Smith
as boarders and scholars. The care and discipline is parental,
The St. Andrews and Quebec Railroad is about to be
TO LET.—The store of house 23 Dey street; it is 50 feet deep, and would be a good location for a wholesale
GERMAN SILVER.
contingency.
of the above Station House.
No pains spared to advance the pupils in their studies, and to render them comfortable and happy while under her charge. Great attention paid to their health and morals. The location
commenced. Agents are said to be now in the United
The bill reported by Mr. Bowie, from the Committee
TAMES G. MOFFET, No. 121 Prince street, third block
Petit Larceny .- A fellow called Abraham Flagg was
States for the purpose of engaging competent engineers.
grocery store. Also, the second floor of house 66 Beek-
west of Broadway, is constantly manufacturing German
on Military Affairs, for the organization of the first divi-
caught in the act, by officer Sands, of the 9th ward, of
may street, consisting of three rooms and pentries, with two bed
contracting for locomotives, &c.
Silver, of various numbers and widths, which he will warrant
sion of the New York State Militia, passed the House
is very retired and healthy. No day scholars admitted. There
stealing the Sun newspaper from the premises No. 18
rooms in attic, and a kitchen with Croton water and kitchen
to be equal to any other, foreign or domestic, for quality, and
On Sunday afternoon at about half-past 3 o'clock, a
this morning by a vote of 80 to 18. The bill guarantees
are a few vacancies. For terms and references enquire at No.
Factory street, belonging to Jacob Kobb. Locked up by
which he will sell at wholesale and retail at reduced prices.
range in it. Rent $275. Enquire of
portion of Coal Hill, above Sligo, Pa., gave way and rolled
all the privileges and immunities hitherto enjoyed by
156 Laurens street.
A. GILHOGLY & SON,
a26 2w *c
P. S. All goods sold will be delivered in any part of the city
Justice Merritt
down with a tremendous noise. A quarry about half way
the uniform regiments of New York and Richmon
78 Nassau street.
TIMOLAT'S SULPHUR BATHS.
or Brooklyn, free of expense.
Arrest on Suspicion .- Officers Van Cott and McClel.
m31 lm*r
up the aill, received the detached portion, which, had i
The Senate was engaged during the entire session
land, of the 15th ward, arrested two women on Wednes-
No. 547 Pearl street, near Broadway
CYRUS W. FIELD & CO., No. 9 Burling Slip, offer for sale a large assortment of Printing, Writing, Wrapping,
STATEN ISLAND COTTAGES TO LET O
came to the bottom, must have destroyed considerable
debating the bill for the organization of the courts of
day night, having in their possession two valuable ladies'
THESE BATHS have been established for the last twenty-
LEASE-Three Cottages situated on Castleton Heights.
this State, which I sent you yesterday.
near Cape di Monte, Staten Island, surrounded by fine
hats, one apparently imported, of a rich manufacture.
six years, and are the only Sulphur Baths in the city .-
Hardware, Envelope, Hanging, and colored Paper.
They are highly recommended by the most eminent physicians, for the cure of rheumatism, salt rheum, chronic com-
forest trees, and commending an unsurpassed view of the city.
The steamer from Buffalo, bound for Chicago, arrived
Paper of any size or quality made to order.
with a white frame; the other a lilac silk; both fully
the Bay and its islands, and the Ocean, while the access is
at Mackinaw on the 21st, and found it impossible to pro-
The highest market prices paid in cash for rage, bagging,
trimmed, evidently stolen, for which an owner is wanted.
Political and Personal Intelligence.
easy, the distance to each ferry being less than a mile.
plaints, eruptions of the skin, &c-
ceed any further on her journey in consequence of the
bale rope cuttings, gunny bagging, grass rope canvers, and all other kinds of Paper Manufacturer's stock, by
Apply to the above officers, at the 15th ward station
Medicated Vapor Baths also given daily, from 8 A. M. to 1
They contain as follows, viz :--
Bagatelle-A parlor, dining room and 3 bedrooms.
William M. Murphy, of Greene, is the whig candidate
ice in the Straits.
house, in Morcer street, near Amity street.
for Congress in the 4th Congressional district, in Ala-
CYRUS W. FIELD & CO.
al lm*r
The boats from the upper Mississippi report it to be
Fugitive from New Jersey .- Officer Denniston
Crow's Nest .- A parlor, dining room, library, 4 bedrooms
No. 9 Burling Slip, N.Y.
TO MANUFACTURERS,—Steam Power to let, with a large and commodious brick building, situated in New
al7 Im*r
bama
falling, with thirty inches water on the lower Rapids.
and 3 servants' rooms-attached carriage house with stable for
the Court of Sessions, assisted by officer Williston
BABY JUMPERS! BABY JUMPERS.
The Illinois is also falling slowly, but is yet in good stage
The new town of Lawrence, (Mass.) chose five demo-
the Fourth ward, arrested a fellow called Reinhart Wag-
Haven, Connecticut. The canal and rail road pass directly by
for the largest packets from Peru down. The Missour
crats, as selectmen, to serve for the ensuing year. Their
Oak Land-2 parlors, large dining room, 12 bedrooms, bath-
THE ATTENTION of mothers and of nurses, is invited
ner, whom they found playing the fiddle in a dance
the engine is new, of very superior workmanship, of about 40
names are Nathan Wells, James Stevens, Charles A.
had risen from three to four feet at Westson, but i
L to an examination of this indispensable article to a quiet
room, and 4 servants' rooms-attached carriage house, with
horse power—the building substantial and convenient, with a quantity of iron shafting, pullies, &c. The whole will be let.
house in Water street, on a charge of stealing $68, in
nursery, which may be found of every variety and price at 100 Broadway. SAML. BROOKS,
stable for 5 horses.
again falling rapidly with seven feet water in the chan-
Abbott, Dr. Howard, and S. Rowell.
September last, from Mr. Hillyard, residing at Wash-
100 Broadway.
These Cottages enjoy in common the use of 17 acres
leased or sold, and can advantageously be adapted to any kind of manufacture. Apply to Messrs. Watt & Sherman, 40 Exchauge Place, New York.
The river is rising at this point, and there is now
nel.
beautiful woodland, enclosed, and in the midst of which they
ington, New Jersey; he was taken before Justice Os-
Agent for the Manufacturer.
823 lm * rc
The citizens of Newburgh have determined to present
ten feet water in the channel. The weather is quite
borne and committed to await a requisition from the
are erected.
to Col. William G. Belknap, their fellow townsman, a
SOLAR LAMPS, GIRANDOLES, HALL LAN-
cold, and on Saturday night ice was made in exposed
a27 2w * rc
Apply to Madame GRYMES, at her residence, Capo di
Governor of that State.
beautiful dress sword. The sword is an excellent blade,
THORNS AND TEA TRAYS.
situations, and it is feared that it will kill the fruit,
THE POLYTECHNIC INSTITUTE, formerly Col. Duff's military academy, at New Brighton, Staten island, N. Y., under the direction of Professor B. Jaeger, will re-
all 2awlm*r
cased by a scabbard, the outside of which is covered by
THE subscriber has just opened one of the most highly fin-
ished Stocks of Girandoles, Solar Lamps, Chandeliers,
which is now in bloom. It clouded up yesterday after-
OR SALE-A small Chariot, as good as new, built to or
a richly chased shield, in which is a gold plate, with the
FROM KINGSTON, JAM. - The Savannah Repub-
der, by Collis & Lawrence. To be seen at the stable in
noon, and had much the appearance of rain.
lican has received files of the Kingston Journal
Bracket's, Hall Lanthorns, Tea Trays, Clocks and elegant Cut
following engravad inscriptions:-Fort Erie, Aug. 15th,
open after the April vacation on, the first day of May next, in
the rear of St. John's Church, St. John's Lane.
The boats from the Missouri bring no satisfactory
A25 1w*c
Glass Vases, for mantel Ornaments, ever offered in this city
1814; Palo Alto, May 8th, 1846; Resaca de la Palma,
to the 10th inst. Collections were to be taken up in the
formation in regard to the mysterious disappearance of
MOR SALE -- A Phæton, nearly new, built to order, with
or country. And city dealers will find it to their advantage to
May 9th, 1846. Between the bands on the scabbard is
several churches at Kingston, on the 18th inst., and also
Circulars containing terms and particulars, may be had at
Mr. Norris Colburn, who was expected at Independence
patent axles, enamel leather top, and curtains. To b
call and examine the above stock, which can be sold at whole-
Mr. Lockwood's bookstore, 411 Broadway; and at Messrs.
the following inscription, on a solid gold plate:-" Pre-
in all the Wesleyan chapels connected with the Kingston
seen at Wood & Tomlinson's, Broadway.
sale and retail at reduced prices.
from Santa Fe, some days ago, but had not arrived.
a25 10t *c
Fowler & Wells' bookstore, 131 Nassau street. Letters ad-
sented by citizens of Newburgh, his native town, to
Circuit, in behalf of the suffering Irish and Scotch.
JOHN W. MORGAN
party composed of citizens of Jackson county, had re-
dressed to Prof. B. Jaeger, New Brighton, Staten Island, N. Y.
G. B. CLARKE,
Col. Wm. G. Belknap, U. S. Army." Col. B. has been
Collections were also being made in the several
154 Fulton st., one door from Broadway.
turned, at our last accounts, from a search on the Santa
m31 Im*rc
FASHIONABLE MERCHANT TAILOR.
O. 116 WILLIAM STREET, OPPOSITE THE NEW STORES, BETWEEN FULTON AND JOHN
a27 6t*c
constantly in service, at the most exposed stations, and
places of worship in Grenada, in aid of the suffering
GAS FIXTURES OF ALL KINDS
Fe road, without making any discovery. Another party
DOARDING IN BLEECKER STREET-Two gentle-
with the army under Gen. Taylor, from its entry into
Scotch and Irish
was preparing to go out for the same purpose. Susp.
AMES G. MOFFET, 121 Prince street, third block west
D men and their wives, of five or six single gentlemen, can
Mexico, and has been in every battle, from Palo Alto to
streets.—In the Spring all hodies renew the outer covering—but man is the only animal who has to pay for it. The question
In Antigua there are bright prospects of a large crop
cion is entirely removed from the young man, hithert
of Broadway, has on hand and is constantly manufacturing
be accommodated with handsome, unfurnished rooms, with
that of Buena Vista. He sustains a high character as a
and high prices. Every thing looks cheering for the ag-
GAS CHANDALIERS, BRACKETS AND PENDANTS
bed rooms attached, and full board, in a pleasantly situated
spoken of as his " relative." and who is still at Independ
then arises who will clothe him cheapest and best. I will, and can. Mine is strictly a cash business, both in buying and selling. I make the finest quality of French Black Dress Coats
rigid disciplinarian, and is at this time inspector general
house in Carroll place. Apply at present at 95 Spring street.
riculturists.
a all their varieties of patterns and sizes. Contracts will also
ence. He brought with him, and deposited at a store in
in that department of the army.
The yellow fever had broken out in her majesty's ship
be taken for fitting, in the nestest and most beautiful style
a21 lm*r
that town, a pair of saddle-bags, containing the proceed
Churches, Hotels, and all other public buildings, as well as
Endymion, 44. This vessel was to have sailed on the
of Mr. Colburn's trade for the winter, amounting
for $20; lower qualities $16 and $18. Black Cloth Sacks $11
BOARD-At 52 Beekman street, within five minutes walk of Wall street or the City Hall. A gentleman and wife
Commodore Conner has accepted the public dinner
private dwellings, at the shortest notice and on he most rea-
Wall street or the City Hall. A gentleman and wife
11th inst. for Santa Martha and Carthagena; but in con-
ready made. Every garment in the trade equally good and
some $18,000 or $20,000. This money was principally
recently tendered him by a number of our citizens.
sonable terms.
can be well accommodated with a large front room on the se-
sequence of the sickness of her crew, her destination
in drafts, and could only be used by Mr. Colburn's en-
N. B. All kinds of gas fixtures regilt, rebronzed and restl-
126 1w *rc
cond floor, with closet attached, and, if wanted, bedroom ad-
Governor Johnson, of South Carolina, has issued his
was altered to Halifax, N. S.
AGUERREOTYPE PLATES-L. B. Binsse & Co., No
dorsement. In a letter from this young man, received
ap17 1m*r
vered.
joining. Also, several single gentlemen can be accommodat-
roclamation appointing Thursday, 6th May next, a day
3 William street, second floor, have received per late ar- | ed.
The Journal publishes a statement of the Planters'
at this place, and dated on the 13th, he says he has been
of general thanksgiving for the triumph of our arms in
a25 lw *rc
MONEY LENT.
rivals, a full supply of Daguerreotype Plates, Nos. 20, 40 and 60, of their braud, so favorably known throughout the United
Bank of Kingston, "in conformity with the act for the | unexpectedly detained at Independence, waiting for
MONEY LENT.—The highest prices advanced in large and small sums on gold and silver watches, diamond.
SPORTING BOOTS—An entirely new article of Hunting and Fishing Boots, manufactured to order, of Goodyear's
the war with Mexico.
regulation of banks in that island." The amount of Mr. Colburn to come in
Scales, which they warrant equal in quality to any ever im
notes in circulation is put down at £91,258 8s; other lia-
Hon. John Y. Mason is to deliver the annual address
It is understood that Mr. Colburn had a mail from
ported by them. They offer them at prices considerably reduced from those of last fall. Chemicals, warranted to be of best quality always for sale.

L. B. BINSSE & CO., sale lwere No. 83 William street, 2nd floor
plate, jewelry, furniture, clothing, dry goods, &c., &c.
Metallic Rubber, and warranted perfectly water proof, for sale by
before the alumni association of the college of North Ca- | bilities £69,879 68 1d-making £161,137 148 1d. To off-
Santa Fe with him, and he may have been murdered to
JOHN M. DAVIES, Licensed pawnbroker
Persons received in private office, by ringing the bell.
Sole Agent for Goodyear's Manufactories,
100 Broadway, opposite Trinity Charch.
rolina, at the approaching commencement of that insti-
set this the bank has specie and other assets to the get possession of the drafts, treasury notes, &c., which it
amount of £272,467 198 3d.
m20 1m*rh
tution
was likely to contain .- St. Louis Republican, April 20