of business of importance, quotations remained nominal- its regular course, several freights of corn had been
Theatricals
ARRIVAL
NEW YORK HERALD.
at; the present value is the Exchequ
ly unaltered. United States flour met with a moderate
night down the river. Wheat met with a brisk sale at
bills have improved to 3s. premium, and India bonds to
PARK THEATRE-Mr. Forrest appeared last night at
share of attention, the relatively low value of the article
31f 90c, and was almost all bought up for France. Ves-
4s. premium. There has not been any quotation for the
OF THE
the Park in Brutus. There was but a small attendance,
as compared with that of wheat having at length brought
sels were few in number, and freight was high; several
Scrip of the new loan this moraing. India stock is at
forward a few buyers. Good brands of Western canal
New York, Friday, April 30, 1847.
STEAM SHIP SARAH SANDS.
owing probably to the weather. Mr. Forrest was warmly
vessels, however, were daily expected to arrive. From
24612 and Bank stock for the account at 204.
which had previously been freely offered at 36s, were
Stettin we learn that on the 23d ult., the ice was expect-
In the Spanish Three per cents. there has been a good
welcomed back, and the performance was well received
not obtainable below 37s per bbl; and unless the su
ed to break up in a few days. Wheat was sold
sprinkling of business done this morning. The Three
throughout. Mr. Dyott as Titus, and Mrs. Hunt as
15c the 75 kilo, but without being so much in demand as
should be very large a further improvement is not im-
The Herald for Europe.
TWO DAYS LATER
per cents. have range from 34% to 35%, and the Five per
probable. - Mark Lane Express, April 5.
a short time before. In France, the information received
Tarquina, acquitted themselves admirably. Of Mr.
cents. have advanced from 23% to 24. The Dutch Two-
Our next edition of the Herald for Europe will be
yesterday seems to intimate that the fall in Paris has pro
Forrest's performance, it is only necessary to say that
The Grain Markets.
and-a-Half per cents. have ruled from 58% to 59. Da
ready at one o'clock this afternoon. It will con-
FROM EUROPE.
it was in his best style. The entertainments of the even-
duced an effect in almost all parts of the kingdom. Still in
LONDON CORN EXCHANGE, Monday, April 5 .- During
nish bonds have realized 861/2 without the dividend.
the east prices continue high the only fall being at Nancy,
tain every matter of interest that has recently trans-
ing were concluded with the fairy extravaganza of the
last week the arrivals of all kinds of grain, as well as
Grenada bonds have realized from 19% to 20%
where a decline is reported of from 2f to 3f, flour bein
'Invisible Prince." a capital thing. To-night, Mr. For-
flour, of home produce, were on a very limited scale,
pired, or that will be of interest to European readers.
In the Railway Share Market there is very little doing
at 89f the quintal. In the other markets of Lorraine and
rest appears as Spartacus in "The Gladiator ...
while, from Ireland and Scotland, scarcely anything
this morning. The prices are very generally steady.
the Vorges the reaction has not been felt; at Sarreburg,
came to hand. The imports of foreign wheat were good
CONTENTS.
THE LATEST
QUARTER BEFORE THREE. - Consols for account, 883
BOWERY THEATRE. - The admirers of Mrs. Shaw have
Mr. and Mrs. Bennett's letters from Europe; General
wheat has risen 1f. 50c. the hecto.; at Luneville, 3f. 50c
viz., upwards of 10.000 quarters; while those of barley
Scott's official despatches of the capture of Vera Cruz
a rich treat before them this evening, and one which,
at Epinal from 5f. to 6f.; and at Raon-l'Etape, 75c. Im-
exceed 9,000; of oats, 25,000 quarters; and flour, 14,000
COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE.
and S. Juan d'Ulua; General Taylor's account of the
Pants Bourse, April 3 .- Our market has been some
we have no doubt, they will enjoy. That distinguished,
barrels, all exclusive of a fair importation of beans,
mediately round Paris, though some markets arrive with
what animated to-day, and a fair share of business has
battle of Buena Vista, with the killed and wounded
a fall, the most show no great change in prices, and the
peas, and Indian corn. The receipts of English wheat
and we may add in truth, much admired and highly
been done. The Bourse opened at about the closing
full particulars of the capture of Alvarado; full ac-
downward movement appears for the moment checked.
fresh up, were very small, and the total supply of that
prices of yesterday, and for a time appeared to be some-
counts from the army in New Mexico, and of the battles
talented actress, will appear, for the first time in five
article on offer-owing to most of last Monday's unsold
Havre is again with a fall, several vessels having arrived
Affairs in Spain.
what weighed on by the arrival of the English
which took place there; the despatches of Gen. Kearny
on Wednesday from Rostock and England. The quan-
samples finding purchasers on Wednesday, was compa-
years, as Fiora in the tragedy of " Il Maledetto," a cha-
papers with a fall; this feeling, however, soon
and Commodore Stockton from California; the treaty
wore
racter in which she is eminently distinguished. The
ratively limited. The best qualities of both red and white
tity of breadstuffs received in that port during the fou
die. die. die.
off, and prices kept steadily advancing to the close
between the United States and Hanover; Mr. Dallas's
commanded a steady, but by no means brisk, inquir
preceding days, amounted to 50,000 hectolitres of wheat
remaining characters of that piece are so admirably
when threes were called at 78f. 75c, and fives at 116f.70c
letter on the subject of cutting a canal across the
cast, as to ensure that piece being performed in a man-
at prices about equal to those obtained on this day
and 18,333 barrels of flour. At Marseilles, also a number
The market closed as follows:-Three per cents for cash
Isthmus of Teuhantepec; the latest legislative news;
se'nnight. In all other kinds only a moderate amount
of vessels had arrived. On the 28th ult., and the two
ner that cannot fail to give satisfaction to all who may
The splendid steamer Sarah Sands, Captain
78f. 60c; for account, 78f. 75c; five per cents, for cash,
Washington correspondence; markets; and a digest of
attend. The much admired drama "Jack Shepard,
of business was doing, at unaltered quotations. At the
preceding days, not less than 38 had come into port
116f. 50c; for account. 116f 70c; Bank of France shares
commercial, monetary, political and miscellaneous in-
Thompson, arrived yesterday from Liverpool,
nging 105.819 hectolitres of wheat, and 3,183
close of business nearly the whole of the Essex parcels
forms the afterpiece. This is a bill really worthy of the
3240f; Neapolitan, 102f. 10c; Spanish threes, 341/6; do
telligence.
had been disposed of, but a few of those from Kent and
barrels of flour, the greater quantity from Turkey
Bowery. That it will be looked upon in that light we
whence she sailed on the 6th inst.
fives, not quoted.
and Southern Russia. Prices, however, remained
Cambridgeshire remained on hand. There was no busi-
This edition of the Herald for Europe will be embel-
have no doubt
She has forty-five cabin, and one hundred and
about the same, the demands for the interior being
ness transacted in English wheat on French account: in-
[From the London News, April 5.]
MR. ALEXANDER.-We had for a long time supposed
lished with an engraving of Bent's Fort, on the river
The increase of active circulation in the Bank of Eng
numerous. In the north the fall continues-Lille
deed, we did not see a single foreign buyer in attendance.
twenty-three second cabin passengers.
land is explained by the increase of "other" securities
that we were living in the good city of Gotham, but we
Arkaneas, and one of the town of Mazatlan, in Mexico,
is 1f. 60c. lower. In the Paris market yesterday.
The show of foreign wheat, from the weekly increasing ar-
She experienced continued heavy Westerly
and the decrease of private deposits. The amount
there was but little doing, and prices were firmer
must acknowledge that our opinion of our whereabouts
rivals, was larger than for some time past; still, however
on the Pacific side.
than the day before. It seemed to be thought that the
which these "other" securities, consisting of bills
the importers were very firm, and some of them would not
winds; had been short of coal for the last
was a ltttle shaken while we were witnessing the per-
Single copies, in wrappers, will be ready for the mails.
fall has come to its term for the presen:. The bakers
counted and loans on securities, had attained at the
sell except at a trifle more money. We, therefore, call the
seven days, and was therefore obliged to extin-
decline purchasing, unless at lower prices, and the millers refuse absolutely to sell unless with higher ones.
formance of Mr. Alexander, the great magician. After
date, could hardly fail to have excited some misgivings
foreign wheat trade steady, at fully, but nothing quota-
in the bank parlor, in view of the constant egress
ble beyond, the rates obtained on Monday last. The sales
seeing some of his wonderful tricks, we could not per-
guish half her furnaces.
The Weekly Herald.
Flour was from 102f. to 112f. the 157 kilo.
hard money and the decrease of the reserve fund.
for the day amounted to about 4000 qrs. The quantity of
suade ourselves that we were in this staid city, with all
The intelligence received by this steamer is
The Weekly Herald will be ready to-morrow morn-
above referred to. The returns for the week now end
English barley on show was very small, that of foreign
its matter of fact relations. We imagined that we were
The Cotton Markets.
which will appear in the Gazette of Friday next, wil
somewhat extensive. The best qualities of grinding and
ing at 8 o'clock
in a land where the sober realities of life were forgotten
not of much importance, but we deemed the desire
LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, April 3 .- The import of
comprise a large proportion, though not perhaps
distilling moved off steadily, at fully last week's quotations
and its inhabitants given more to the performing of mys-
the week is 26,566 bags, namely, 24,462 from the United
of the merchants to obtain the latest intelligence
CONTENTS.
whole of the specie insured for shipment by the
but all other kinds were a mere drug, at barely late
teries than to attending to the affairs of every-day life
States, 320 from Brazil, and 1784 from Bombay. The
Mr. and Mrs. Bennett's letters from Europe-Commo
bria steamer, leaving Liverpool on Monday, and by
rates. With mait we were but moderately supplied,
Such is the impression formed by every person who wit-
whether important or not, of sufficient induce-
sales of the week are 30,800 bags, of which there are taken
dore Stockton and General Kearny's despatches from
Sarah Sands on Wednesday, for the United States, esti-
yet the trade with that article was in a very inactive
nesses the extraordinary feats of this great magician.
California; the address of the Council of the Irish Con-
on speculation 8,400 American, 500 Egyptian, and 700
ment to issue the market news in an Extr
mated at about £800,000. This specie would be drawn
state at barely stationary prices. The show of foreign
We wish all who have not yet seen him in his temple of
federation to Vice President Dallas-Election returns
Surat; and for export 2,500 American, 100 Pernambuco
from the bank by the double action of checks on private
Herald. This we did yesterday afternoon.
oats being large, and more than adequate to meet the
witchcraft to do so.
40 Egyptian, and 460 Surat. The prices of Sea Island
from Virginia; an article on the trade between the
deposit or current account, and securities discounte
wants of the buyers, the trade was very dull at a decline
are advanced %d. per lb., and of Egyptian %d. per lb.
United States and Hanover; the treaty between those
VAUXHALL GARDEN .- There is much interest mani;
The London Observer of Sunday, the 4th inst.,
A further drain upon private deposits, with an increase
in value of from 6d. to 1s. per quarter, at which depres-
two countries; Sporting intelligence; Details of the operations at Vera Cruz; Vice President Dallas's let-
those of inferior and middling quality of American cotton
fested by our citizens regarding the result of the great
of "other" securities, may, therefore, be looked for, un
states that the returns of the Quarter's Revenue
sion very little progress was made in sales. The quantity
are advanced %d. per lb.
less meantime loans and bills shall have been running
enterprize which Eaten the great pedestrian has en-
of Beans in the market was by no means large; yet all
APRIL 5 .-- The sales since Friday amount to 7000 bags
ter on cutting a canal through the Isthmus of Tehu-
will show a considerable increase under the
out, and not replaced to the extent, and private deposits
the kinds met a slow inquiry, at late rates. Peas were
tered upon. He commenced walking his great feat of
antepec; the latest news from the army to the hour of
of which 3580 are sold to-day. The market is steady at
reinforced from other quarters. In the absence, positive
heads of Customs and Excise; an improvement
very duil, but not cheaper. So little was doing in Indian
one thousand quarter miles in one thousand consecutive
publication; and our regular compound of financial
the rates of last week. Arrived, since Friday, six ves-
or partial, of these countervailing causes, a further di-
Corn, that prices were almost nominal. Flour dull-the
quarter hours on Wednesday last. It will terminate on
under the head of Stamps; and an undiminished
sels from the United States, two from Brazil, and one
political, and miscellaneous news.
minution of the reserve fund may be anticipated
nominal value of the best town made being 62s. per 280
Saturday evening, May 8th, at 6 o'clock.
from Bombay
It will be embellished with an engraving of Bent's Fort.
Although no particular importance need be attached to
Revenue from the Property and Income Tax.
lbs. Very few speculative purchases were made in Amer-
Chippendale and Mary Taylor are at the Albany
the fact of a decrease in the reserve of notes and
on the Arkansas river, and one of the town of Mazatlan,
HAVRE, April 3 .- The market for Cotton closed
.The profound disgust produced in
the
coin in the banking department to below five mil-
calmly: 500 or 600 bales were sold for delivery in May.
At this day's market there was a very short supply of
in Mexico, the same that appear in the Herald for
at 91f. The accounts from New York by the Baltimore,
Yankee Hill has gone West.
lions, which is the limit of safety arbitrarily as
mind of the young Queen of Spain, by the
English wheat, which was taken off at the currency of
The Ravels are still at the St. Charles, New Orleans.
Europe.
signed upon some square rule principle to the reserv
state the crop to be an increase on last year of 23,000
vile intrigues of which she has been the
this day week.
Miss Meadows is also at the St. Charles.

notes alone, yet, if the active note circulation
bales, but it is still believed that the crop will not exceed
There was a better sale for foreign to country buyers at
Gen. Tom Thumb is playing a brief engagement at
victim, has caused her to dismiss the Soto-
1,900,000 bales.
Public Debts of the States_Improvement in
to be kept up to its present (published) average
fully late rates.
standard by discounts and loans, with the liabilities
Baltimore, whence he proceeds direct to Philadelphia
mayor Ministry, at the earliest moment possible,
Indian corn is held 3s. to 4s. per qr. over the depressed
Miscellaneous Markets.
their Finances.
deposits payable on demand, and bank post bills due
and Boston.
LIVERPOOL PROVISION MARKET, April 5 .- Our market
sales of last week.
The financial condition of our State treasuries | and to appoint a Liberal Ministry with M. Pache-
from day to day, attaching, it must behove the directors
for Butter during the past week has been steady, and
Mons. Korpany .- This distinguished artiste in the
Barley, malt, beans, and peas dull and in limited re-
to look to the reserve fund which is to answer contin-
co at its head. This is, for the present, the down-
is likely to be materially improved within the
owing to the severity of the weather there has been a
Polka, &c., was performing at St. Louis, at the last ac-
uest, although offered at a reduction of 1s. to 2s. per gr.
gencies. Five millions and a half may be amply sufficient
counts. He is on his way to Toronto, Upper Canada.
We are again liberally supplied with foreign oats, and,
very good demand at the above quotations, but we can
next year. All the works of internal improve-
fall of the influence of Louis Philippe and Queen
to meet all demands upon the average calculation of
being more than the present demand, we must note a | not note any advance. For the middling and inferior
Wherever he goes he will be welcome.
Christina in Spain, and the triumph of the
ordinary times, and even four millions might, in such
ment must be highly productive, on account of
further decline of 1s. to 1s. 6d. since Monday last.
qualities there is little or no inquiry. The prices of beef
case, fairly represent the casual probable claims of about
Musical.
pork, hams and lard are unaltered, but there is a steady
national and native interest, the only interest
the large amount of produce pressing forward
LIVERPOOL CORN MARKET-Monday, April 5 .- The
seventeen millions of deposits and bank bills. But these
THE Swiss Bell-RINGERS .- These great and much
lemand for these article, without any change in prices
reported arrivals of Grain and Flour since Tuesday last,
which England has ever supported. It will pro-
are not ordinary times, and the bank is, therefore, th
from the interior. They will be, without doubt,
Bacon, per cwt-Long middles, 60s a 66s; short de, 60s
admired artists will perform this and to-morrow evening,
are very moderate, but the wind now being favorable,
more bound in the obligation not to be found at fault
a 66s. Hams, per cwt-Short cut, 66s a 72s; long cut
bably lead to an entire change in the system of
filled to their utmost capacity with breadstuffs
we may expect most vessels in that are close at hand.
the latter of which is the last time that they will perform
upon any extraordinary pressure upon its deposite ac
66s a 72s. Beef, per tierce-Prime mess, Irish, 95s a 102s;
The late reduction in our prices has attracted bu
coming to market, and we shall feel the want of
count or stock of metallic values. We have, howeve
government.
do, American, 92s 6d a 97s 6d. Pork, per tierce-Prime
in this city. The success that has attended them thus
from various quarters, and rather an extensive business
no doubt that the directors are fully aware of their pos
mess, 77s 6d a 82s 6d. American do 72s 6d a 77s 9d.
Leman Rede, the author and comedian, is dead.
facilities for getting produce to the seaboard be-
far, makes it unnecessary to say anything in their favor
has been done in Wheat and Flour. Besides a good de-
tion, and that the returns of the present and next
They are in fact so well appreciated that praise of them
State of Trade.
EMIGRATION .- Upwards of 6,000 German emigrants
mand for shipment coastwise, the interior millers
fore another winter sets in.
week will place them as closely in harmony, with respec
LEEDS, April 3.—There has been more business done
would be thrown away. We are informed that they
have, within the last fortnight, passed through Cologne,
have taken largely of barrelled Flour at 37s.
to reserves, deposits and other securities as they should
The financial condition of New York, Penn-
since this week at the Cloth Halls in low priced goods,
on their way to Bremen, Havre and Antwerp, where they
have signified their willingness to play the Trinty
to 38s. per 196 lbs. for Western Canal, which
calculated for the United States market, but in other
Church bells on the day of rejoicing, the 7th of May
ylvania, and Ohio depends very much upon the
will take their departure for America. The greater part
an improvement of 1s per barrel within the week .-
The recent movement for checking the operations
sorts there has not been any improvement. Prices con-
next, but we have not yet learned whether the Vestry of
of them seemed to be rather well off. The town of Men-
Wheat has also moved more freely, but without amend-
revenue from their public works; and as the canal
the discount houses, may be accepted as proof that a fore
tinue firm, and the stocks on hand below an average
that church have responded to their kind offer. We
den was lately so full of emigrants that it resembled the
ment in price; indeed, for both wheat and flour holders
casting line of policy had been entered upon, of which
Business has been a little better in the warehouses; the
of the last two have heretofore produced a very
trust that the offer will be accepted in the same spirit
camp of a wandering tribe; the streets were literally
have liberally met the demand. Several Irish orders and
that step was the first overt indication since the last ele
business doing is with the country drapers. There is
in which it was tendered.
crammed with baggage and people waiting for the stea-
buyers of Indian corn having appeared, there has been
mited income, compared with the interest on
vation of the minimum rate of discount. The full com
also a much better prospect, in the opinion of the trade,
mers. It is calculated that 120,000 Germans will emi-
a re-action on Tuesday's quotation of 3s to 5s per quar-
plement of that policy has yet to be developed, but it does
CHRISTY'S MINSTRELS.—So great has been the success
that the shipping business will be good for the fall trade.
eir debts, any increase in their productiveness
grate this year. The desire to emigrate has extended to
ter; good American corn is now firmly held at 52s per
not require much sagacity to foresee that it is but the
with which Christy's famous band of Minstrels have been
FOREIGN WOOL TRADE, LEEDS, April 1.—There has
districts in Germany where it was never before felt, and
480 lbs. In the other articles of the trade very little has
a matter of much importance to the bond-
preliminary to the more general restrictive measure of an
been a little more animation in the trade during the past
amongst others to the rich and fertile Saxon province of
received that, we understand, they have concluded to
been transacted, and oats, barley, beans, and peas re-
advance in the minimum rate of interest, the unit
ers. It is our impression that the revenue
week. Prices remain firm, and the prevailing opinion is
Prussia. The Nuremberg Correspondent states that the
main without alteration in value.
remain here a week longer than they first decided upon
which, to be more effective, will probably not be fraction-
whole of the inhabitants (six hundred) of the village of
that an advance upon last year's rates will be generall
ese works this year, will exhibit an in-
On Monday evening they will re-appear at Mechanics' Hall, No. 472 Broadway, and will perform that as well as
[From the Liverpool Times, April 6.]
ally split as before. Blame has been imputed because the
obtained at the next German fairs. Stocks are at pre-
Meimbrersen, in Electoral Hesse, are about to emigrate
rate of interest was not raised at once, preferentially to
The condition of the trade and commerce of the
that of former years, greater than has to America.
sent very low, both here and in Germany.
every evening during the week.
country during the first quarter of the present year.
the more graduated resolution of placing the dis-
heretofore been realized.
BRADFORD, Thursday, April 1 .- Wool-The demand
has been far from favorable; and though the last arri-
count houses under greater control; and it is asserted
EXTENSIVE FIRE NEAR LONDON BRIDGE. - This morn-
Samuel Lover has arrived at St. Louis, where he will
during the week past has been very similar to several
ing, about a quarter past three o'clock, a most alarming | without sufficient reason or knowledge that less discom-
vals bring the gratifying news of a very decided
Prices for all descriptions of breadstuffs are
sbortly give an "Evening" or so.
preceding; the inquiries being chiefly for full-bred wools,
fire was discovered in the extensive premises occupied posure would have been occasioned by the former than provement in the American and Eastern markets, yet
Last night Donizetti's opera of "Linda di Chamou-
so much above remunerating points, that ever
which late rates are steadily maintained. Noils and
and belonging to, Mr. Alderman Humphrey, M.P.,
we fear that the progress of amelioration will
the latter procedure. Such an assertion is entirely er-
nix" was to be given by the Italian company at the How-
brokes are in full request, without change in price.
surplus bushel of grain in the interior will be
situate near the foot of London Bridge, on the South- | roneous. The limit imposed upon the discount houses
until the result of the next harvest is ascertained .-
ard, iu Boston. The premium paid for boxes was $212.
Yarns-The transactions in yarns, both for home con-
wark side of the river. The building was known as the | will doubtless affect the money operations of this city
Should it realise the hopes that we are justified
urged forward, and the receipts at the seaboard
sumption and export. are on the increase, and the spin-
Kent and Sussex Wharf, and was stocked with shipping | and such large commercial capitals as Liverpool, Man-
founding on the great increase in the quantity of wheat
City Intelligence.
ners generally working to order, with small stocks on
chester, &c., but to the mass of the community and of
and spring corn sown in this country; on the fineness of
markets this season will, without doubt, exceed
provisions, the greater portion of which have been entirely
hand. On some kinds a shade more is demanded.
Common Council.-The Board of Aldermen hold a
the seed time, both in the Autumn of last year and the
the country it can make comparatively little or no dif-
consumed: but we are happy to say no life was lost, or
any previous one. Various estimates have been
Pieces-A fair business continues to be done in Orleans
Spring of the present; and on the present appearance of
special meeting this evening, for the purpose of acting
the least injury occasioned to any of the firemen. The
The reverse would be the case with an ad
fermed relative to the probable amount of the
and Coburgs, without change in prices. Neat styles
premises were insured in the Phoenix, but whether to
upon the petition of the Hudson River Railroad.
the young wheat in many districts, we shall then obtain
vance in the rate of interest, which tells equally
suitable for the autumn, in fancy goods, are inquired for
the full extent of value is not stated. The flames were
all interests, general and local alike. Between the two
effectual relief. We are not, indeed, in the number of
More of the Appointments .- The following list of
surplus which we can spare for exportation, most
by the shipping houses.
totally extinguished by six o'clock this morning, but
those who believe that one good harvest will give us
there is the same difference as between treating for to-
appointments may be added to those previously noticed
of which are very extravagant. We have ex- how they originated, remains at present a mystery .-
low prices, and still less of those who believe that we
pical and general disease of the body
Nottingham, April 2.—The state of the cotton hose
in the Herald:-Job L. Black, of the 18th ward, for Su
London Standard, April 5.
shall see low prices previous to that harvest; but still
There is an impression in intelligent quarters that in
amined the subject very carefully, and from the
trade in the town has a shade improved, but in many of
perintendent of public buildings and repairs, in the
are convinced that the high prices which our farmers
this beginning with the discount houses, a significan
the villages the depression is severe : in the eastern part
A fire, considerable in extent, occurred in the neigh-
place of James L. Miller, the present incumbent; Smith
best data in our possession, such as the official
of the county and in Debyshire the wrought hose trade
boring town of Ternigerode. The fire broke out in a
have obtained for their last year's grain, joined to that
hint, as one leading inducement to it, was meant to be
D. Bellows, of the 8th ward, in the place of Bartholomew
thorough frightening which they got during the great
baker's shop, where trial was being made of a new oven.
conveyed of bank disfavor towards cotton bills and Li-
is dull, but the hands, with some exceptions, are better
reports from the patent office and the best esti-
Purdy: Wm. Edmunds, keeper of the city prison, in the
corn-law battle, have roused them to exertions such as
The progress of the flames, rendered fiercer by a strong
verpool cotton speculators.
employed than they are in those districts where they
place of Malachi Fallon; Mr. Charles Oakley, of the 9th
mates of consumption, we should judge that
west wind, was so great that in two hours upwards of
they never made before, and that they have already
are engaged on slop and inferior quality hosiery. But
Trammelled as the bank is by currency laws, and
ward, having declined the appointment
we are sorry to add that there is very little improvement
244 houses were burnt down. Notwithstanding every
produced a great improvement in English agriculture.
there will be from last year's crop a surplus of
crotchets more fancifully experimental than practical
THE NEW HAVEN TRAIN from Boston arrived yester-
exertion, the fire was still burning up to the time this
its course has, to our thinking, been hitherto as pru-
the effects of which will be felt in the next harvest.
in the fine hosiery department. The drawer branch is in
day evening as early as 7 o'clock, and through our
about twenty millions bushels of wheat and
many quarters in a depressed condition. The cotton glove
we may judge from what we have ourselves seen, during
account was written. Owing to the speed with which
dently as possible conformable to the intent and spirit
friend, Mr. E. S. Dennis, we were in receipt of Boston
trade, though dull, is yet better than most branches, but
forty millions bushels of Indian corn for expor-
a late tour through Lancashire, Cheshire, the West
the flames spread, it was with difficulty most of the in-
of the law. In that sense, and with that opinion, we
papers at that hour.
habitants escaped; and it is feared several men, who
Riding of Yorkshire, Westmoreland, and Cumberland
have thought it right to suggest the postponement
it is not so brisk as to feel the approach of spring, as i
tation. About one half of this has already are missing, seven children, and a servant girl have pe-
we should say there is this year a great increase in
some former years. The silk glove trade has a shade re-
Society Library.—The following gentlemen were on
any further official enhancement of interest rates until
Tuesday elected Trustees of the New York Society Li-
been exported, and the probability is that full rished
extent of tillage and draining, and great improvements
vived. The fancy hose trade, whether of silk or cotton
the payment of dividends should have commenced, or be
brary for the ensuing year: - Gulian C, Verplanck, Wm
in the mode of laying out fields, and of performing all
on the eve of commencing.
is at present in a very declining state, but should fash-
one half of the balance will be shipped between
The number of Irish who came from Ireland into Li-
Inglis, Alexander R. Rodgers, Dayton Hobart, Frederic
manner of farming operations. The quantity of
ion change, they would have a rich harvest, as the
verpool during the month of March is 50,100; above 3500
this and the first of September next. The ship-
Review of the British Corn Trade during the
De Peyster, Stephen C. Williams, James De Peyster Og-
sown with wheat appears to us to be greater than
French encourage fancy hosiery to an extent not known
came over last Sunday. The expense of maintaining
den, Joshua Coit, Joseph Delafield, Joseph G. Cogswell
Past Week.
ever knew it to be before: there is a sufficient plant
in England. The bobbinnet trade, both for fancy and
them is between £600 and £700 per week. Large sheds,
ments of other grains have been and will continue
The weather has throughout the week been very cold
Jacob Harvey, Daniel Seymour, James H. Titus, Charles
the ground; and it presents every appearance of health.
plain goods, is yet but very dull, with a shade, however,
capable of holding between 400 and 500 fever patients,
and ungenial," and on several occasions sharp night- | Should this promise of increase in the home supply be
to be, very limited compared with those of wheat
M. Leupp, Charles A. Bristed.
of improvement. The manufacture of muslin and laces
have been hired in Great Howard street, at a rent o
frosts have been experienced: vegetation has, conse-
realised, a good harvest would give us a return of mode-
and Indian corn.
MYSTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCE .- The son of a highly re-
£900 per annum, and additional fever sheds are to b
is still progressing, and is likely to go on, as a very wide
uently been kept back, and from present appearances
rate, though not of low prices.
field is open for ingenuity and speculation. We regret
spectable citizen, living in the upper part of the city, has
built near the Fever Hospital. The dead are taken up
The exportation of such a large amount of
there is not much prospect of an early season. We do
Until we either obtain a great increase of home-grown
to report that as yet there is no decided improvement
by the relatives to the workhouse cemetery at all hours
most mysteriously disappeared. It seems that he was a
not, however, regard this as an evil, a premature luxuri
young man, aged about 22 years, not long since having
grain, or an entire change in the monetary system, the
in the warp lace trade, though we cannot but think that
grain, and the high prices realized for a large of the day, sometimes at night, in coffins sometimes
ance being generally attended with danger.
essure on the country is likely to be very severe. The
returned from the country. His father had advanced
there is great hope of its resuscitation.
nailed and sometimes not nailed, and if the gates hap-
per cent of the shipments, cannot but have a very
urse, at present impossible to ascertain whether
Bank Directors have not, it is true, again raised the rate
LEICESTER, April 1.—But little business has been done
him funds and set him up in business as a merchant.-
pen to be closed they are left outside or put over the
young wheat has been injuriously affected by the
of interest on discounts, as it was feared that they would
favorable influence upon the prosperity of the
He boarded with his parents, and was represented to be
wall. Some of the medical men, frightened by the num-
in the warehouses this week. The straight-down hose
range of temperature; but from the hardy character
but they have so restricted their assistance to bi
exceedingly temperate, steady and attentive to his busi
ber of patients, are resigning their situations, though
branch is extremely flat, and a great many frames are
country generally, upon the producing classes
the plant, we feel little apprehension on that hand, and
brokers and the public as to produce precisely the same
their number has recently been doubled, and an addi-
ness, which he managed with prudence and care. 1
laid down. The continuance of cold weather, added
the only circumstance that can be viewed as unfavor-
effect as if they had. Nor is it easy to see when or where
particularly, and through them upon the finan-
seems about a fortnight since, one morning he dressed
tional number must be appointed.
the high price of provisions, injures the spring demand
able is the probability of the next harvest being late.
this is to end. Further supplies of foreign grain are ab-
and the shopkeepers generally complain; but little is,
himself before breakfast to go out, as it was supposed, on
cial condition of the Western States. The ab-
which might, in the position of the country in regard
solutely necessary for the sustenance of the people, and
Ireland.
yet, being done for the export trade. There is no altera-
business, since when he has not been seen or heard of
to stocks, prove very inconvenient. The sowing of
as they can only be obtained by further exportations of
sence of an extensive foreign demand for our
The Cork Examiner say-" 175 persons died in the
His father proceeded to the store and found his cash ac-
tion in yarns. Wools are more in request, and are sold a
spring corn, having received but little interruption.
specie, it is clear that the pressure must continue. What-
workhouse for the week ending Monday, March 29.
counts regularly entered up to the evening before, and
agricultural products, has kept prices so much
shade better
ever may be the merits of the present monetary system
nearly the whole of the month of March having been
There are at present 5224 in the house, and 628 in the
also about $1500 in the safe! When he left he had en
highly auspicious for field work, most of the barley
reduced, that the producers generally have had
in other respects and at other times, it is clear that just
ROCHDALE FLANNEL MARKET, April 5 .- The flanne
hospital. The Crown Solicitor for Cork says, that the
his ordinary business clothes, his finer clothing being
now it is adding commercial ruin to want of food.
and oats have been got in, and great progress has like-
market to-day was dull, and in some instances manufac-
anxiety of the prisoners at the assize for that county i
left at his father's, and it seems he only had about $12 in
pretty hard times, and the improvement both in
wise been made with bean and pea planting. These
turers were obliged to submit to a small reduction in the
If it was not for the severity with which the bank
not that they should be acquitted, but that they should
cash on his person. By his disappearance his family
prices and demand has been a perfect god-send | be found guilty! The learned gentleman has made a
important labors having been nearly brought to a close.
working the screw, there is every reason to believe that
prices of some descriptions of flannels. The demand
have been thrown into great distress and anxiety
farmers have again directed their attention to thrash-
trade would at present be in a satisfactory state. There
for all sorts was limited, and the manufacturers' profits
report to that effect to Government. The jails of the
to them. The external demand is likely to con-
mind, entertaining the worst apprehensions as to his
ing; and it is probable that an increase will shortly
is a decided improvement in business, both in the cotton | who attend the Blackwater market, were never known to
county are crowded by a class of offenders created by
fate. Please see the advertisement of his friends in
tinue large for some time; and if prices keep up
be so little as at present. The wool market was dull
the famine." The following is an extract from a letter.
take place in the deliveries of grain from the growers
and woollen districts, arising from an improved demand
another part of the paper. Should any one be able to
The time has now arrived for testing whether the stocks
and not much business done. Prices generally were the
dated Dublin, April 3-" There appears to be much less
both foreign and domestic.
in the neighborhood of current rates, the agri-
communicate tidings of him they will confer a great favor
of wheat in the hands of the producers be really short
of actual famine, although extreme destitution st
During the last week the corn trade has passed through | same as last week.
on his sorrowing parents.
cultural classes will soon be relieved from the
for there can be no question that if they are holders t
a severe ordeal. Early in the week a panic prevailed in
prevails in various districts, but generally throughout
MANCHESTER, Monday, April 5.—This being Easter
PRIVATE HOUSES NOT FORTS .- Yesterday forencon the
any great extent they will avail themselves of the very
the London market, which extended to most of the
the country pestilence it at work, and in the workhouses
depression which has so long weighed heavily
Monday, there was little or no business transacted. The
houses of Saml. F. Fardon and Mr. Lyon, on 82d street,
first opportunity of turning their wheat into cash .-
country markets; but on Thursday and Saturday a re-
typhus fever exists to an alarming extent." The Kil-
recent advance in the price of cotton has tended materi-
upon them.
near 7th avenue, were seriously injured by blasts of rock
The inducements to realize are the still high value of
kenny Journal says-" There are about 700 paupers i
action took place in public opinion. India corn has risen
ally to limit operations, as it has compelled producers to
from 32d street sewer. In consequence of insufficient
the article and the state of uncertainty felt as to the
The season is rather backward, but the weather | the hospital of the workhouse, 600 of whom are in fever
again to about 52s, having been down to 46s. We un-
demand higher rates, which in but very few cases have
covering, a stone weighing about 100 weight went
future; if, therefore, the markets in the agricultura
derstand that this excellent description of food is begin-
77 fever patients were admitted from the last board day
been obtained. It is much to be regretted that any ad
is favorable for our winter crops. Corn has not
through the end of the house, also three smaller ones,
districts be not plentifully supplied during the month, we
ning to be consumed extensively in the North of England,
vance in the price of the raw material should have taken
to this." Generally, in most of the counties, the tillage
shall no longer entertain a doubt on the question
shattering the studds and inner door frame to spiinters.
been put into the ground yet in this part of the
as well as in Ireland
of the land has been well attended to; but, even up to
place, at a time when it was found extremely difficult to
Mrs. Fardon and mother had fortunately just left the
stocks, but look upon it as the strongest possible evi
After several months of cessation, buyers of wheat and
this hour, there are vast tracts totally neglected. Many
effect sales even at the ruinously low prices which have
country, but there is plenty of time, and there is
Mr. Lyon's house was also badly injured, win-
dence that the quantity remaining in the country
flour from the interior have again begun to show them-
more landlords have supplied seed on loan; but in parts
been current for many weeks past. This being a holiday
dow frame and sash smashed, and the children's lives
actually as small as represented. The regular course
every probability of a very large breadth of land
selves in the Liverpool markets, and to purchase Ameri-
of Mayo, Roscommon, Sligo, Tipperary, and other
week, it is not expected that much business will be done
endangered, who at that instant were playing in the
the trade has been more or less interrupted this week
can flour freely. We see from the last circular of Messrs.
counties, cultivation is still very backward."
being appropriated to that crop, on account of
THE IRON TRADE. - BIRMINGHAM, Saturday, April 3 .-
consequence of several of the markets having been held
room.
Sturge, of Birmingham, that the supply of foreign wheat
During the present week, the usual preliminary meeting
France.
off the accustomed day (owing to Good Friday), and the
the high prices compared with other grains.
at Gloucester, at the present time, is 2,000 quarters
THE S. I. B .- This celebrated association is now rep-
of the ironmasters of South Staffordshire, Shropshire.
We learn by a communication made by M. Dubois, the
amount of business done has not been important.
against 70,000 quarters at this time last year. The sup-
resented in this city by several distinguished members.
deputy of Havre, to the Chamber of Commerce of that
and East Worcestershire, has been held at Dudley, at
value of wheat has, as might have been expected, felt the
Fishing tackle will rise, and fiddlers be in demand, if
plies of wheat and flour in Liverpool, on the 31st March
place, that a clause to the following effect will be em-
which it was resolved, notwithstanding some induce-
effect of the recent fall at Mark Lane, and prices have
SINGULAR CIRCUMSTANCE. - A singular circum-
they remain long among us.
1846, were, in bond, 218,113 quarters of wheat, and 438,627
bodied in the forthcoming law on French customs, viz.
ments to an advance, that no alteration of price should
tended downwards in all parts of the kingdom. At Liv-
barrels of flour; free, (about) 150,000 quarters of wheat.
stance occurred to the steamer Oregon, on her pas-
All bar iron, sheet iron, zinc (whether rolled or
Inquest.—On the morning of the 13th instant, John
take place at the ensuing quarter day. This will be deem-
erpool further arrivals of flour and Indian corn have
and 200,000 barrels of flour. The stock of wheat at pre-
hemp, and flax, if to be used in the construction or repair
ed by the hard and hollow ware manufacturers, and
Farrel, a native of Ireland, aged 33 years, then residing
sage from Stonington to New York, on the morn-
come to hand from America, but the receipts of foreign
sent is supposed to be from 60 to 70,000 quarters, and
at No. 239 Mulberry street, while laboring under an
of French merchant vessels, may be brought into the
the factors of Birmingham and Wolverhampton gene-
wheat have not been large either there or elsewhere
that of flour about 500,000 barrels.
ing of the 29th inst. When off Huntingdon one
aberration of mind, made a desperate attempt to commit
country free of duty,
rally, a highly prudent and satisfactory determination.
whilst the demand for export, though on a somewhat
The Turkish government has prohibited the exporta-
suicide by cutting his throat with a razor, in the accom-
There can be no question that an advance in the price of
of her injection pipes suddenly became stopped,
decreased scale, has nevertheless continued.
tion of grain from several of the principal ports of the
plishment of which he was frustrated by a person in the
The alarm and agitation created at Rome by the
iron would have immediately led the workpeople to de-
The advices from the port just named are not quite so
Turkish empire. The most important of these are
making the engine falter considerably. Mr
house, who suspected his designs and watched his move-
establishment of the censorship have been considerably
mand an immediate advance of the rate of wages,
dull as last week, the important reduction which has
Smyrna, Silistria, and Salonica. The first of these ports
tranquilized by the character of the individuals who
ments. He was conveyed to the City Hospital after in-
even at the present time a great portion of the iron and
Lockwood, the assistant engineer, observed th
lately occurred there having attracted buyers from the
has generally shipped a considerable quantity of grain,
are to exercise its functions. Contrary to what was ex-
flicting a severe wound, and for some time it was ex-
coal men of these districts, however ungrounded and
interior. In wheat a fair amount of business appears to
the produce of Anatolia; the second is a depot for the
circumstance immediately and opened the spare
pected, the board is composed chiefly of the laity and of
pected that he would recover. Coroner Walters held an
unreasonable may be their complaints, are illastisfied
have been done on Tuesday, at rates 3d. to 6d. per 70lbs
Balgarian grain, which is sent down the Danube to Ga-
injection pipe, and directed the attention of the | individuals known for their enlightened and moderate
inquest upon his body yesterday, when the following
with the existing rates of remuneration. It is said
below those current on that day se'nnight; and subse-
latz; and the third is the port for the shipment of the
opinions. They are the Marquis Antici, the Abbe Coppi
verdict was rendered by the jury, that the deceased
that the Welch masters are called upon sooner than was
quently a portion of that abatement was recovered, seve
chief engineer, Mr. Vanderbilt, to the stopping
grain of Romselia.
came to his death by a wound on the throat. inflicted by
and MM. Betti and Vannutelli, the latter a lawyer.
anticipated to test the soundness of the resolutions
ral sales having been made on Thursday on terms not
It appears that the Greek Chambers are also discussing
The report of an intended intervention by Austria in
of the other one. Mr. Vanderbilt supposed the
his own hand, causing erysipe as, of which he died.
adopted by them at Radley's Hotel some weeks ago.
obtainable earlier in the week. United States flour
the question of prohibiting the exportation of grain
Tuscany, is daily becoming more certain. The inten-
Private letters received at Birmingham yesterday, men-
which was, it will be recollected, at one period of last
stoppage was occasioned by the boat going over
from that country.
tion is said to be to land 2,000 Austrians in Elba, which
tion that the workmen have given notice of a strike, to
A man named Edward Croghan, was killed on Satur-
week sold at Liverpool at 36s., has since been in reques
The Journal des Debats contains what some of our
some seaweed, and would soon get clear again
is part of the territory of the duchy of Tuscany, so that
take place on Saturday next, and already a number
day evening last at Lowell, the cars from Concord acci-
at 37s. per bbl., and many holders have even refused
contemporaries call an alarmist article on the present
they may be brought into the Italian territory at a mo-
dentally passing over him. It appears, that finding him-
furnaces have been blown out in anticipation of a general
accept the latter price. Indian corn seems also to have
It not doing so, however, he examined the cause
state and the future prospect of the supply of food in
ment's notice. In Piedmont, Tuscany, and the Roman
self in a dangerous situation, he was so bewildered that
cossation of labor on the part of the hands engaged in
met with attention at improving rates, 50s. to 52s. pe
of the stoppage when the boat arrived in
France. The principal object of it is to show that this
states, the most lively apprehensions are entertained
he seemed not to know which way to turn, although
the manufacture of iron in South Wales.
480 lbs. having been paid for fine, and 48s. to 50s. for
year's potato crop is likely to be very deficient, owing to
and it is feared that, notwithstanding his enlightened
there was plenty of room on either side of the track, if
New York. After taking off the injection valv
mixed American.

the scarcity and the dearness of the seed, and the un.
he had but stepped out of the way.
and liberal opinions and intentions, Pius IX will not long
At the leading towns in Yorkshire stocks of wheat ar
and a portion of the pipe, he found in
be able to resist the Austrian influence, especially as
willingness of the farmers to risk another crop, after
THE MEXICAN WAR IN MASSACHUSETTS .- We
unusually small; and the supplies having barely kept
two years of failure. The Debats contends that the
that influence is, to say the least, connived at by M.
tight up against the guard of the valve, a
Hudson River Railroad...The selection of a
pace with the demand (tardy as has been the latter)
have been repeatedly asked to notice the resolu-
Guizot and his colleagues.
certainty of a deficiency of the supply of potatoes, and
sellers have declined submitting to a greater reduction
permanent and commodious depot, for this important link of
large duck, weighing seven pounds, which had
the entire uncertainty as to the productiveness of the
tions recently passed by the Legislature of the
communication between the city of New York and the great
than 1s to 2s per quarter. The business done at Hull
Saxony.
grain crops, render it necessary to suspend the duties on
been drawn into it by the force of the vacuum
and teeming West, demands the most serious attention of the
The extraordinary session of the Chambers of Saxons
State of Massachusetts, deprecating the war with
and Leeds on Tuesday was, however, very circumscri
the admission of foreign grain for another year-that is
was closed on the 24th. This session was the first which
bed. At Wakefield, on Thursday, the operations were
created by the engine. Mr. Vanderbilt thinks
ilroads introduced into a city under any circumstances,
Mexico, and refusing to thank General Taylor
to say, until September, 1848. In support of this argu-
has been held since Saxony obtained a constitution.
are an evil which should be avoided if possible. The thousands
also on a restricted scale, and the few sales of wheat ef-
ment, the Debats states that the potato crop is of the
that the duck must have dived when the boat ap-
for his brilliant victories. We do not think it of carriages, carts, wagons, and vehicles of every description
was exclusively occupied in discussing the measures pro-
fected were at prices 1s to 2s per qr below those current
utmost importance, and that if it is lost a substitute
proached it, as when it was found its head was
posed by the government for the relief of the misery
passing and repassing in every direction, in a word, explains
the preceding week.
worth our while to notice these resolutions if
must be found in foreign grain. Its produce is estima-
the poorer classes, and in the consideration of the ques-
the reason why.
The accounts from Bristol, Birmingham, Gloucester
downwards, with its back towards the bow of the tion of the construction by the State of the Saxo-Bava-
ted at from a hundred to a hundred and twenty millions,
As we understand it is the desire of the company to advance
some distance in the city, we know of no place offering half
they are too silly and ridiculous to receive the
and other towns in the vicinity of these places, are of
of hectolitres, equal to three hundred millions of bush-
essel. The duck will be stuffed, and kept-as a
similar character to the reports above referred to: but
rian railway.
attention of any newspaper.
the facilities, as the foot of Canal street-the streets in the
els. The writer contends that the loss of so enormous
Portugal.
whilst there has been no speculation, and the buyers for
vicinity are wide and easy of access in every direction, and were Canal street opened through the Bowery to the eastern
a quantity of food will expose France to absolute fa-
triosity.
Orders were sent to Portsmouth and 'Woolwich for
consumption have confined their purchases to as nar-
mine, unless means are taken to supply its place. It is
VERY LATE FROM VENEZUELA.-We have re-
the embarkation of a battalion of marines for Lisbon
row limits as has been permitted by their pressing want
portion of the city, as it soon must be, a glance at the map must
generally understood that this article is put forth to
TE FOREIGN NEWS .- We are indebted to the
convince every one, that for superiority of location it is unsurpassed. The Clinton Country Market is but very little used.
and we believe the same order has been forwarded to
there has, on the other hand, in most cases been a de
ceived by the Paez, La Prenza, El Liberal, and
explain the motives and defend the policy of the go-
Plymouth and Chatham, The Woolwich and Ports-
gree of firmness on the part of holders, which has pre
har a s of Capt. Thompson, of the Sarah Sands,
In consequence of being separated from the meat and fish mar kets by Caual street, it could be converted at a few dollars ex-
El Commercial from Caraccas and Porto Cabello
vernment in proposing a further suspension of the corn
mouth detachments embarked this afternoon, in the
vented prices giving way more than a couple of shillings
and to C. Jerome, Esq., one of her passengers
Sidon, steam frigate, and left instanter for their destina-
to the 6th inst., inclusive.
pense, into an ample store house. The wharf, too, thas most
[From the Belfast Corn Circular, April 1.]
excellent accommodations. At the foot of Spring street there has been completed, within the last year, a splendid pier 500
tion. The Sidon is ordered to return to England imme-
In the north the weather has been even more severe
for files of the latest English papers.
Although a large breadth of land has been sown, yet
All was quiet in the country under the presen
diately after the disembarkation of the troops. Fron
than with us, and the letters from Scotland speak of ra-
the cold ungenial weather which has prevailed during
feet in length, and appropriations have been made, and contracts
entered into, for extending the Canal street pier 225 feet further
into the river, to be finished within the present year, making it
the above orders and movement, it is plainly stated that
energetic administration.
ther sharp frosts; this, however, had produced no in-
the month of March has retarded vegetation, and all
The License Election in New York.
English interference has been solicited by the Queen o
fluence on the corn markets, and quotations of wheat.
that can be said for the spring crops is, that they have
Portugal to bring to a speedy close the long-pending and
as well as prices of spring corn, were lower at Edinburgh
The following are the additional returns received-to-
altogether, over 500 feet in tength, each giving ample accommo dations for steamboats and other vessels of largest class. As it
been committed to the ground, perhaps, earlier than
Sporting Intelligence.
dangerous differences which have torn her kingdom.
and Glasgow on Wednesday than on that day week.
usual, but, certainly, up to the present time, they have
day :-
From Ireland we learn that Indian corn, which has
is the intention of the Common Council to act on this impo
TROTTING-There was a purse contended for yester
Russia and Circassia.
made but little progress; whilst the winter-sown wheat.
tant subject this evening, these few remarks have been th own
become the staple article of consumption with the poore
Majorities.
lay afternoon at the Harlem Trotting Course, by three
The Russian government has officially declared to the
though healthy enough, is not in a forward position.
classes of that country, had been freely offered at about
License. No License
together by a
Towns, &c.
cabinets of Vienna and Berlin, that, for the future, no
During the past month we had weighty and numerous
very good horses, ridden by three of our best horsemen
50s per qr. at several of the principal ports, and that
Buffaio. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1,400
foreign officer will be allowed to take part in the cam-
The Rinaldo Rinaldini of America_The
arrivals of breadstuffs, chiefly from America and the
corresponding abatement had occurred in the interior
They made very good English time, and created con-
Geneva. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
NATIONAL POLICE GAZETTE of this week will con-
paigns of the Russian troops in the Caucasus, unless he
Mediterranean, much of which has come into the hands
This great fall has tended to alleviate the distress; and
Oswego. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
will consent to be naturalized, and to take an oath of
min the commencement of the Life and Adventures of the
of parties not previously in the trade, who, finding that
iderable interest.
as further supplies of this useful article of food are likely
Rome. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
Bold Robber and Highwayman Joseph T. Hare, the Rinalde
fidelity to the Czar.
their expectations of profit are not very likely to be re-
New ORLEANS, April 19 .- Mile heats-Purse $200
to be sent from Liverpool and other English ports to
Utica. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
tinaldini of America.
alized, have, in many cases, submitted to take such prices
"The history of the above extraordinary criminal is wel
. Penniston's (W. J. Minor's) s. c. Warwick, 5
the sister isle, besides what may still be on passage from
The Latest Financial Advices.
Troy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
as could be procured, and in Indian corn particularly
years old, by Stockholder, dam by Leviathan.. 1
deserving of a niche in the felon pyramid next beside the
America, the Black Sea, and the Mediterranean, prices
LONDON MONEY MARKET, Saturday evening, April 3.—
There has been another dull day, both as regards the
Kingston. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
prices have undergone a change equal to about £5 to
great marauder whose wonderful career was concluded in the
. E. Kenner's ch. f Buena Vista, 2 years old,
of Indian corn will probably remain at about their pre-
New Scotland. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
pages of our last week's paper. Though widely different in
character from Murrell, and though the scourge of an earlier
generation, Hare will be found possessed of qualities scarcely
£6 per ton from the highest point, making ours, at the
by Glencoe, dam by Leviathan. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
Watervliet.......
amount of business transacted and the tendency of
sent level
present moment, perhaps, the cheapest market for corn
Odom & Elliot's (A. H. Carnell's) s. f. Matilda
Bethlehem.......
The arrivals of wheat coastwise into London have
Consols opened at 88 to 16, and, with the excep
in Ireland. The decline in wheat during the month has
Bynam, by Glencoe, dam imp. Delight. . . . . . 2
less remarkable than those of the land-pirate, and his exploits
Westerlo. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
been moderate; and the show of samples at Mark Lane
tion of one moment, when they were quoted 88 sellers
been about £1, in barley £2, in oats £1 to £2, and in
). Chambers' (J. T. Jackson's) br. g. Palo Alto,
may claim even a stronger interest, from the fact that
Stockport.......
on Wednesday, by land carriage from Essex, Kent, and
for the account, remained at that price throughout the
oatmeal £2 per ton. The lowering of the price of bread-
figured as the first great freebooter of the republic. If Murrell may be called the "Massaroni of the West," Hare may be de-
by Stockholder, dam by Leviathan, 3 years old.
Saratoga Springs. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
Suffolk, was small. The greater portion of the wheat
day. Scrip left off 11/4 to 1 discount; Bank Stock, 2041/2 to
stuffs seems to have turned the attention of dealers and
Dr. A. King's (J. & H. Cage's) ch. m. Ellen Car-
Coeymans. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
206%; Three-and-a-Quarter per Cents, 88% ex div.; India
exhibited consisted of white, and as the French buyer
signated as the Rinaldo Rinaldini of America
farmers to the propriety of sowing fax seed; and the in-
nel, by Belshazzar, dam by Leviathan. . . . . . 4
Greenbush......
have all along directed their attention more to re-
Bonds, 3 discount to 2 premium; and Exchequer Bills.
Also, an excellent portrait of William V. Brady, Esq., the mayor elect of New York, with the usual variety of extracted
quiries and transactions of this week lead to the hope
Time, 1:54-1:51-1:57
Rensselaerville......
par to 2s premium Money was comparatively easy in the
there was not much done for export; the town miller
that this important crop is likely to meet yet with the
St. MARTINSVILLE .- A race will take place in St. Mar-
and editorial matter, comprising upwards of two hundred
Berne. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
were, however, pretty free purchasers at Monday's de
stock exchange to-day, and out of doors also, there was
tinsville, on the 27th of May next, between Mr. Tanas
ttention it merits
Knox. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
articles relative to crime in the United States.
an absence of pressure; but it is, nevertheless, evident,
cline, and a fair clearance was made. Good qualities of
horse and Mr. B. Champagne's mare. Purse $1,000, for-
Guilderland.....
[From the Paris Galignani, April 3.]
from the state of the market, that the slightest increase
foreign red wheat were inquired for on French account
Intelligence has been received from Odessa to March
Metallic Tablet Razor Strop ... The subscri-
Coxsackie......
of demand would be met by higher rates. The foreign
but the high pretensions of holders prevented extensive
feit $500 .- Delta.
bers would call the attention of strangers and the public to
Hudson. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
15, which states that wheat was stationary at 18f 3Sc the
securities, with the exception of Portuguese, which was
transactions. We stated last Monday that sellers of f
A destructive fire occurred in Philadelphia at about
their assortment of the above, beyond cavil the best article
Schodack . . . . . . . . . . . . 117
Thirteen vessels had just arrived there, twelve in
a trifle firmer, were depressed, and the market decidedly
reign had refused on that occasion to submit to a reduc-
necto.
one o'clock yesterday morning, in a large three story | manufactured.
ballast, which makes up the number of 132 vessels taking
Duanesburgh.......
manifests a weak appearance. The latest transactions
tion corresponding to the decline on English, and on
G. SAUNDERS & SON,
brick building in Hudson's alley, near Harmony court.
Wright. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
were-Chilian Three per Cents, at 52; Danish, at 86%
in lading. Twelve vessels had just sailed, seven of which
Wednesday they showed less inclination to concede than
177 Broadway, a few doors above Courtlandt st
The building and its contents were almost entirely con-
Schenectady .... tie.
were for Marseilles, four for England, and one for Bre-
ex div.; Portuguese four per cents, at 3 41/2; Russian,
previously, or bargains to some extent might have been
sumed. The first story formed a portion of the livery
at 110%; Spanish Five per Cents, at 22%; Passive, at
The present supply is said to consist of the fol-
J. G. Lightbody's Printing Ink Manufactory
We give the above to show the complexion of the
concluded. The arrivals from abroad have, during the
men.
establishment of Mr. Yerkes. All the horses were save
No. 28 Rose street, (Old Sugar House,) corner of Duane, New
York. Extra Fine Card, Fine Black, News, and Colored Inks,
43/d; the Three per Cents, at 34%; Dutch two and a half
lowing quantities: -At Odessa 1,186,525 hectolitres; at
week ending this (Saturday) evening, consisted of 10,719
turns. They are like the handle of a pitcher-all on
The second and third stories were occupied by Mi
per cents. at 581/2; and the Four per Cent Certificates, at
Taganrog, 735,000; at Rostoff, 240,000, at Marioupo
grs., whilst the exports have, according to the bills of
Harned, carver; Mr. Lippincott, turner; Mr. Wright,
of a superior quality, for sale on the most reasonable terms
one side. They indicate a complete and most extraordi-
90%, ex div
630,000; at Besdiausk, 336,000, giving a total of 3,127,526
entry, amounted to 6,111 grs.
All orders will be; promptly attended to from any part of the
hecto. From Hamburgh our information comes down to hat block maker; Mr. Skinner, varnisher, and another
Monday, April 5.—A slight improvement has taken place in the Consol Market to-day. For money, as well of disposal as earlier in the week; and, in the absence the 22d ult. The navigation of the Elbe having resumed person. T
nary revolution in public sentiment on the license ques-
What has produced this change
10000.00.000
WAS THE WAS A STATE AND ADDRESS.