Rules Relating to Deposits.
SECTION I. In making the first deposit, every depositor, or his
agent, shall comply with and be subject to the following rules and
regulations of the Company, and shall be considered as bound
thereby. A record will be made as a means of future identification.
A numbered pass-book will be provided, in which every deposit
shall be entered.
Deposits of not less than five dollars will be received upon first
opening an account, while sums not less than one dollar may be
added thereafter: Provided, however, That the Company may limit
the amounts of deposits from any person in any one month.
Any application for opening a deposit account may be refused
by the Company when deemed expedient, and the Company reserves
the right to close an account at any time. Active business accounts
will not be taken or retained.
SEC. 2. All deposits will be held as trusts, strictly confidential
and private. Deposits made by married women or minors are en-
tirely free from the control of their husbands, parents, or guardians.
Guardians may deposit for the benefit of their wards, and trus-
tees may deposit as such, specifying in each case the name of the
party for whom it is held in trust.
SEC 3. The Company may require the presentation of the pass-
book before any check is paid or deposit received; but if a check
shall at any time be paid or deposit received in the absence of the
book, as an accommodation to a depositor, the Company does not thereby waive the right to exact said requirement in further pay-
ments or deposits. Payments of checks of depositors will be made
ordinarily on demand, but should it at any time be necessary in the
general interest of the patrons, the Company reserves the right to
require sixty days' notice in writing from any depositor before
making payment.
SEC. 4. Whenever a book is lost, destroyed, or fraudulently ob-
tained, immediate notice should be given to the Company. If it is
not recovered within thirty days after such notice, a duplicate book
will be issued, provided a satisfactory bond of indemnity is fur-
nished. Possession of a pass-book shall not alone be regarded as
evidence of ownership of the same.
When an account is closed, the book must invariably be surren-
dered to the Company.
SEC. 5. Interest will be allowed on all accounts having credits
of five dollars and upwards. No interest will be allowed when an
account has not been continued with the Company for at least thirty
days.
SEC. 6. Two per cent, interest per annum will be allowed de-
positors on monthly balances. The current interest due depositors
will be added to their principal on the books of the Company on the
first days of January and July in each year, and such interest will be
entered on depositors' pass-books as soon as practicable after said
dates, and, when not withdrawn, will be entitled to earn interest as
forming part of the principal.
Pass-books must be handed in at least once in every three
months to be written up and balanced.
SEC. 7. For the collection of all notes, drafts, checks, etc., out
side of this city. The Washington Loan & Trust Co. will observe
due diligence in its endeavor to select responsible agents, but will
not be liable in case of their failure or negligence, or for loss of such
items in the mail.
