CAPITAL SAVINGS BANK.
3
CAPITAL SAVINGS BANK.
2
therefore, the men who organize banks
are men of wide business experience,
tral and easily accessible by three differ-
with ample resources at their command,
ent lines of street cars, and that our office
enjoying a large share of public confi-
hours are of special advantage to depart-
dence. Under ordinary circumstances,
ment employees and to the working class-
when these conditions are lacking, men
either haven't the courage to try to or-
es generally.
ganize a bank, or they haven't the luck
At the opening of our new building in
to succeed at it. It would appear from
last October, a public reception was tend-
this, therefore, that when a set of men
ered the friends and patrons of the Bank,
who have had absolutely no experience
on which occasion the Secretary read a
of the sort required in successfully con-
ducting a bank, and who are lacking in
report containing a brief history of the
the essential resources of means and cred-
organization and development of the
it, undertake to put in operation a busi-
Bank. The following extract from that
ness enterprise under the pretentious
report is here reproduced:
name of a bank, surely the difficulties in
the way of their success would appear
"The history of the organization and
well nigh insurmountable. But such was
development of this business enterprise
just the unfavorable condition under
is not entirely free from some of the essen-
which this present enterprise had its
tial features of a romance. To have been
birth. One point alone stood out promi-
born into an almost abject poverty
nently as a hopeful indication in organiz-
have grown into a vig-
to
and
ing this enterprise, and that was the
orous prosperity, happens not often in
GROWING NECESSITY for its existence.
the history either of individuals or
"Here we were, a people strong in
Banks are a commercial
institutions.
numbers, advancing rapidly in every ed-
necessity in all business centers. They
ucational acquirement, entering here and
are the medium through which the mon-
there into the smaller business avenues,
ey property of individuals changes own-
and eager to widen the field of our busi-
ership. They touch and control the mon-
ey pulse of a community. As a rule,