CAPITAL SAVINGS BANK
CAPITAL SAVINGS BANK.
4
5
ness operations, but unalterably handi-
agreed to rent the place, and we assessed
capped by a prejudice which we could
ourselves for money enough on the spot
neither modify nor control. We had an
to pay a month's rent in advance.
We
army of salaried men and women drawing
had a place then, but no business. We
from the government every month,
hadn't a single dollar of stock sold or sub-
through the public schools and the de-
scribed for, no deposits, no books, no
partmental service, hundreds of thou-
tender of cash from any source, no offi-
sands of dollars; and a still larger army
cers, no clerks-in short, no anything
of honest, earnest wage-earners who,
but one month's rent and one year's
week by week, receive a large money re-
pluck. A few meetings followed in quick
turn for their labor. There was absolute-
succession, and on Wednesday morning,
ly no central rallying point at which the
October 17, 1888, the doors of the CAPI-
monetary interests of the colored people
TAL SAVINGS BANK were swung open at
could be concentrated, and through
804 F Street, and the public at large
which we could prove to the world that
were asked to give us a share of their
we are capable of that sort of business
confidence and their business.
development that makes a people respec-
"In some business circles our courage
table and respected.
took the form of audacity, and our bank
"It was under the impulse of senti-
was the quick sensation of the hour.
ments such as these that six colored men
"A bank with a colored president, col-
met one October evening, in 1888, in the
ored cashier, colored clerks and colored
library of H. P. Montgomery's residence
board of directors! 'Impossible,' said
in this city, and discussed the project of
some; 'foolish,' said some others.
But
opening a bank. They carefully weighed
we meant to succeed if success were pos-
the arguments for and against it, and, be-
sible, and we worked right along just as
ing filled with a purpose to do something,
if we had a silent pur ther named Roths-
they decided then and there to do it.
child. And how well have we succeeded?
One of the number present happened to
Let's consult our books at this point.
know of a suitable place that could be se-
"The day we opened our doors for bu-
cured at once for our business.
siness, our authorized capital stock was
We